它们的下方是更多中等大小的猫科动物，它们吃的是中等大小的猎物，从兔子、羚羊到鹿都会吃。	Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
最终，有许多小型的猫科动物（包括散养的宠物猫），以昆虫、啮齿动物、蜥蜴和鸟类等数量多得多的小型猎物为食。	Finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
它们成功的秘诀是利基概念，每只猫都负责一项特殊的工作，防止它们与其他猫竞争。	The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others.
狮子是群居属性最明显的猫科动物，生活在称为狮群的大型群体中。	Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
狮群由一到三只有亲属关系的成年雄性，以及可多达三十只的雌性和幼崽组成。	Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs.
作为大家庭里的姐妹和女儿，雌性之间通常彼此关系密切。	The females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters.
狮群的行为与狼群或狗群非常类似。这些动物与狮子的行为惊人地相似（但与其他大型猫科动物不同），而且这些行为对它们的猎物来说也是非常致命的。	Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
老虎是全能运动员，它会攀爬（虽然攀爬能力不是很强）、游泳、跳远，拉力能达到人类大力士的五倍。	A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human.
老虎与狮、豹和美洲虎属于同一类型（豹属）。这四种大猫是仅有的会吼叫的猫科动物。	The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar.
老虎的咆哮不像狮子的咆哮那样深沉，而更像一句生气嘶吼的话语。	The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words.
豹猫喜欢吃小动物。如果条件允许，他们会捕捉猴子、蛇、啮齿动物和鸟类。豹猫的猎物几乎都比自身要小得多。	Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
科学家认为，美洲豹猫是通过气味和嗅探猎物在地面上的踪迹来跟踪和寻找要捕食的动物的。	Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground.
它们的夜视能力很强，能在黑暗中看得很清楚，而且行动也很隐秘。豹猫的捕食方式是先融入周围环境，然后猛扑向猎物。	They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
