循环系统的主要器官是心脏，心脏负责输送血液。	The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
血液通过被称为动脉的管道从心脏流出，然后通过称为静脉的管道回流到心脏。最小的管道叫做毛细血管。	Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
动物由许多细胞组成。动物吃了食物后会在体内将其消化。大部分动物都能移动。	Animals are made of many cells. They eat things and digest them inside. Most animals can move.
只有动物有脑（但也不是所有动物都有，比如水母就没有脑）。	Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains).
地球上的各个角落都有动物的身影。它们有的在地下挖洞，有的在海洋中畅游，有的在天空中翱翔。	Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky.
细胞是各类生物体中最小的结构和功能单位。	A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (things) organism.
Cell（细胞）一词源自拉丁语cella（意思是小房间）。	Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room.
在显微镜下观察生物，你会发现它们是由小方块或小球组成的。	If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls.
来自英国的生物学家罗伯特·胡克 (Robert Hooke) 用显微镜看到了软木塞中藏有一些小方块。	Robert Hooke, a biologist from England, saw small squares in cork with a microscope.
它们看上去像房间。他是第一个观察死亡细胞的人	They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells
当一小群生物（一个小种群）与它们本来的主要种群分离时（比如它们跨过山脉和河流，或者它们到了一个新的岛屿以至于不可能轻易回去)，它们通常会发现自己所处的环境与之前不同。	When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before.
这个新的环境有不同的资源和不同的竞争对手，所以新的种群将需要不同的特征或适应能力来成为一个强有力的竞争对手，而不是它们之前所需要的那些。	This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before.
原来的种群根本没有改变，它们仍需要和以前一样适应环境。	The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
随着时间的推移，新的种群开始适应新的环境，它们开始变得与其他种群越来越不相似了。	Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population.
在历经数千甚至数百万年以后，这两个种群最终看上去会截然不同，以致于不能将两者称作同一物种。	Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species.
我们把这个过程称为“物种形成”，也就是新物种的形成。物种形成是进化的必然结果，也是进化中极为重要的一环。	We call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
植物能制造人类吸入的氧气，吸收人类呼出的二氧化碳。	Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out).
植物通过光合作用从阳光中获取养分。它们还能提供荫凉。	Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
我们用植物做房子，用植物做衣服。我们吃的大部分食物都是植物。没有植物，动物就不能生存。	We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive.
