“巴拿马文件” 是巴拿马莫萨克·冯塞卡律师事务所 (Mossack Fonseca) 约 1,000 万份文件的总称，这些文件在 2016 年春季被爆料给媒体。	"Panama Papers" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016.
文件显示，十四家银行帮助富有的客户隐藏了数十亿美元的财富来逃避税收和其它监管。	The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
英国《卫报》指出，在用于实现这一目标的 1200 家空壳公司中，德意志银行控制了大约三分之一。	British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
世界各地都发生了抗议活动，有几起刑事诉讼，冰岛和巴基斯坦政府的领导人都辞职了。	There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned.
伊拉克的阿布格莱布监狱在一次暴乱中着火。	Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
美军接管后，该监狱发现了虐囚事件，自此变得声名狼藉。	The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
在 2008 年新加坡大奖赛上，费尔南多·阿隆索提前进站后，小皮奎特发生撞车，迫使安全车出场。	Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car.
当位于阿隆索前面的赛车在安全车的引领下进行加油时，他趁机抢先，最终赢得了胜利。	As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
小皮奎特在 2009 年匈牙利大奖赛之后被解雇。	Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
在过去的 3 个月里，超过 80 名被捕者在没有被正式起诉的情况下从中央拘留所释放。	In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged.
今年 4 月，格林法官针对该机构颁布了一项临时禁令，强制释放那些被关押 24 小时以上，却没有得到法庭专员听证的人。	In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner.
如果获得批准，法庭专员即可设定保释金，并最终确定执行逮捕的警员提出的指控。这些指控随后会录入该州的计算机系统，以便在其中对案件进行追踪。	The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked.
听证会也会根据嫌疑人的权利，定下快速审判的日期。	The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
安莎通讯社表示：“警方对多起高层遇袭事件感到担忧，担心这类事件可能会引发一场全面继任战争。	According to Ansa, "police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
警方表示，洛皮科洛之所以能占上风，是因为他曾是普罗文扎诺在巴勒莫的得力助手。他经验丰富，赢得了老一辈黑帮老大们的尊重，这些人奉行普罗文扎诺的政策，在增强帮派势力的同时，尽可能保持低调。	Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
1992 年，普罗文扎诺（Provenzano）结束了由里亚纳发动的反政府的战争，这场战争夺去了黑手党十字军乔瓦尼·法尔科内（Giovanni Falcone）和保罗·博尔塞利诺（Paolo Borsellino）的生命，随后这些老大们就被他控制住了。“	These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."
巴西是世界上最大的罗马天主教国家，而该国的罗马天主教会向来反对同性婚姻合法化。	Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
10 年来，巴西国民议会一直就其合法性进行讨论，目前这种民间婚姻只在南里奥格兰德 (Rio Grande do Sul) 是合法的。	The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul.
最初的法案由前圣保罗市长玛尔塔·苏普里希草拟。这项经过修改的立法提案，目前由罗伯托·杰斐逊负责。	The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
抗议者希望在请愿书上收集 120 万个签名，并在十一月提交给国民议会。	Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November.
显然，很多家庭都在寻求法律帮助，以反对这种驱逐行为。为此，东湾社区法律中心于3月20日举行会议，帮助房屋诈骗的受害者。	After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam.
房客们开始聊起身边趣闻，这时大部分涉事家庭突然意识到，OHA 的卡罗琳·威尔逊私吞了他们的押金，溜出城去了。	When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town.
Lockwood Gardens 的租户认为，可能还有 40户 甚至更多的家庭面临被驱逐的命运，因为他们了解到，奥克兰住房管理局的警察还在调查奥克兰其他可能陷入房屋骗局的公房。	Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam.
乐队取消了演出活动，并向粉丝们表示了歉意。该场演出原本应在毛伊岛战争纪念体育场举行，预计将有 9000 人参与其中。	The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
乐队的经纪公司是香港管理公司（HK management Inc.），该公司在 9 月 20 日最初取消演出活动时并未给出原因，转天却将之归咎于后勤保障原因。	The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
希腊著名律师萨基斯·科查吉欧格鲁 (Sakis Kechagioglou) 和乔治·尼可拉考普洛斯 (George Nikolakopoulos) 因被判贪污和腐败被关押在雅典的 Korydallus 监狱。	The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption.
因此，随着法官、律师、法务官和检察官前几年的非法勾当曝光于世，在希腊法律界引发了一场大丑闻。	As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years.
几周前，议员兼律师马基斯·特里安塔菲洛普洛斯在阿尔法电视台的热门电视节目《Zoungla》中公布了这一消息，随后彼得罗斯·曼图瓦洛斯因其办公室成员涉嫌非法贪污受贿而被革职。	A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show "Zoungla" in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption.
此外，最高法官埃万杰洛斯·卡卢西斯因腐败和堕落行为被判入狱。	Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
今天红湖社区为杰夫·韦斯 (Jeff Weise) 和九名受害者中的三人举行葬礼时有消息称，另一名与 3 月 21 日校园枪击案有关的学生已被捕。	News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21.
除了确认今天的逮捕外，官方几乎没有发布任何其他信息。	Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
不过，一位知情人士向《明尼阿波利斯星坛报》透露，凶手是红湖部落（Red Lake Tribal）主席弗洛伊德·乔丹（Floyd Jourdain）之子，16 岁的路易斯·乔丹（Louis Jourdain）。	However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
目前既不知道将会被指控何种罪名，也不知道当局是如何认定这个男孩有犯罪嫌疑的，但联邦法院已经开始进行少年犯诉讼程序。	It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
洛杉矶警察局发言人克里斯托弗·加西亚（Christopher Garcia）表示，该名男性嫌疑人正接受调查，被调查的原因是非法侵入，而不是故意破坏公物。	Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism.
该标志没有受到实际损坏；这一改动是用装饰着和平与爱心标志的黑色防水油布将字母 “O” 改成了可读性强的小写 “e”完成的。	The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the "O" to read lowercase "e".
审判在伯明翰皇家法院进行，并于 8 月 3 日审结。	The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
现场被捕的主持人否定了袭击，并声称有多达三十个人向他投掷瓶子，他用棍子是为了不让自己受到伤害。	The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
布雷克（Blake）还因企图妨碍司法公正而被定罪。	Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
法官告诉布莱克，他的入狱“几乎是铁定的”。	The judge told Blake it was "almost inevitable" he was going to be sent to jail.
据说该男子驾驶一辆装有炸药的三轮车驶进了人群当中。	The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
涉嫌引爆炸弹的男子在爆炸中受伤，随后被拘留。	The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast.
当局仍然不知道他的名字，只知道他是维吾尔族人。	His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
该问题从 1 月 1 日开始，当时数十名当地居民开始向奥巴那泽邮局 (Obanazawa Post Office) 投诉，称他们没有收到传统和定期寄送的新年贺卡。	The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards.
昨天，在发现男孩隐藏了 600 多份邮政文件后，邮局向市民和媒体道歉，藏起来的文件包括了 429 张未送到收件人手中的新年明信片。	Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients.
“有人帮助像我这样的罪犯，感谢那些人。” 报道引用了 Siriporn 在新闻发布会上说的那句话。	"Thanks for those who supported a convict like me," Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
“有些人可能不同意，但我不在乎。”	"Some may not agree but I don't care.
看到有人愿意支持我，我很高兴。	I am happy that there are people willing to support me.
她说：“没有情报表明近期会有袭击发生。	She said, "There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
“然而，把威胁等级降到严重级别并不意味着整体威胁已经消失。”	However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
尽管当局还不确定威胁是否属实，但马里兰运输局在联邦调查局的敦促下关闭了该设施。	While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI.
自卸卡车用来封锁隧道入口， 80 名警察于现场协助指挥驾车者绕行。	Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours.
在该市的备用线路即环城高速公路上，没有出现严重的交通延误。	There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route.
作为发起指控的公司，领先的互联网服务提供商美国在线 (AOL) 的总部位于弗吉尼亚州，因此这起案件在弗吉尼亚州起诉。	The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges.
这是首次按照 2003 年颁布的法律来定罪，该法律旨在遏制未经请求就向用户邮箱发送大量电子邮件（又称垃圾邮件）的行为。	This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes.
动物解放组织和皇家防止虐待动物协会 (RSPCA) 再次呼吁在澳大利亚所有屠宰场强制安装闭路电视摄像头。	Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
英国皇家防止虐待动物协会 (RSPCA ) 新南威尔士州总督察大卫·奥沙纳西 (David O'Shannessy) 告诉 ABC，在澳大利亚监管和视察屠宰场应该是司空见惯的事。	RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia.
“对那些照看动物的人，监控系统肯定会是一种强烈的暗示，那就是动物福利才是最重要的。”	"The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."
卡诺是一位鼎鼎有名但颇具争议的英语教师，他曾在现代教育和英皇教育任教，他声称，在职业生涯的巅峰时期，他有 9000 名学生。	Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
在他的笔记中，他使用了一些家长认为粗俗的词语，据称他也在课堂上讲过脏话。	In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class.
现代教育集团指控他未经授权就在公交车上刊登大型广告，并谎称自己是首席英语教师。	Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor.
他也曾被指控侵犯版权，但没有受到起诉。	He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged.
他教过的一个学生说，老师“会在课堂上使用俚语，在笔记里教授约会技巧，就像是学生的朋友一样。"	A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'
历史学家批判了联邦调查局的过往政策，这种政策会把资源集中到容易破获的案件上，尤以偷车案件居多，目的只在于提高该机构的成功破案率。	Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate.
国会从 2005 财年开始资助该扫黄倡议，并规定联邦调查局 (FBI) 必须指派 10 名探员专门打击成人色情。	Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
俄亥俄州当局表示，因星期三于一名医生的汽车后备箱中发现其母尸体，这位在宾夕法尼亚州匹兹堡儿童医院工作的医生将面临情节严重的谋杀罪指控。	A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say.
29 岁的 Malar Balasubramanian 医生在俄亥俄州辛辛那提市以北约 15 英里的郊区布鲁艾施被发现，她被找到时身穿 T 恤衫和内裤，躺在路边的地上，看上去服用了大量药物。	Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state.
她向军官们指示往她的黑色奥兹莫比尔“激情”轿车查看，这辆车停在 500 英尺远的地方。	She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
在那里，他们发现了 53 岁的萨罗贾·巴拉苏布拉曼尼亚的尸体，盖着血迹斑斑的毯子。	There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets.
警方说，尸体看上去在那里放了一天左右。	Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
伤员被送往医院后，打斗平息下来，剩下的约 40 名囚犯留在院子里，拒绝回牢房。	When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
谈判人员试图扭转局面，但囚犯的要求并不明确。	Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
山区夏令时晚上 10 点到 11 点之间，院子里的犯人们引发了一场火灾。	Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard.
很快，配备了防暴装备的警察进入了院子，并用催泪瓦斯把囚犯逼得走投无路。	Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas.
消防救援人员最终在晚上 11 点 35 分扑灭了大火。	Fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
据报道，由于执法人员不在场，比什凯克街道上的大规模抢劫持续了一夜。	Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets.
一名观察者形容比什凯克（Bishkek）正在陷入“无政府“ 状态，成群的人们在街上游荡，掠夺商店里的消费品。	Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of "anarchy" by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods.
几个比什凯克居民将这种违法状态归咎于来自南方的抗议者。	Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness.
早些时候，中国通讯社新华社报道了一架飞机已被劫持的新闻。	Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
随后的报道称，这架飞机受到炸弹威胁，被迫返回阿富汗，降落在坎大哈。	Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
早些时候的报道称，这架飞机被拒绝在乌鲁木齐紧急降落后，已返回阿富汗。	The early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
一枚炸弹在总督办公室外爆炸。	One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
两小时内，政府大楼附近又发生了三起炸弹爆炸事件。	Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
一些报道称官方宣布的死亡人数为 8 人，而据官方报道证实，有多达 30 人受伤；但是最终的数字尚未确定。	Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
在食用受污染宠物食品后死亡的宠物的尿样中，均发现了氰尿酸和三聚氰胺。	Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
该大学的研究人员表示，这两种化合物相互作用形成的晶体可能会造成肾脏功能障碍。	The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said.
研究人员观察到，在添加三聚氰胺和三聚氰尿酸后，猫的尿液中形成了结晶。	The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
通过红外光谱 (FTIR) 进行比较后发现，这些结晶的成分与在受影响宠物的尿液中发现的结晶成分吻合。	The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
遇难者分别是 25 岁的尼古拉斯·奥尔登 (Nicholas Alden) 和 21 岁的扎卡里·卡德巴克 (Zachary Cuddeback)。当时驾车的是卡德巴克。	The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback had been the driver.
埃德加·贝吉利亚 (Edgar Veguilla) 的手臂和下巴受伤，而克里斯托弗· 施耐德 (Kristoffer Schneider) 则需要做脸部重建手术。	Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
乌卡 (Uka) 的武器在指着第五个人的头时失灵了。施耐德（Schneider）疼痛不已，一只眼睛失明，一块头骨缺失，利用钛板才重塑了脸部。	Uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. Schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium.
施耐德 (Schneider) 在其祖国的美国空军 (USAF) 基地通过视频连线进行作证。	Schneider testified via videolink from a USAF base in his homeland.
中央邦警方追回了被盗的笔记本电脑和手机。	The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
副总警监埃利亚（D K Arya）称：“我们逮捕了 5 名强奸这位瑞士妇女的人，并找到了她的手机和笔记本电脑。”	Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop".
被告的姓名分别是 Baba Kanjar、Bhutha Kanjar、Rampro Kanjar、Gaza Kanjar 和 Vishnu Kanjar。	The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
警察局长钱德拉·谢卡尔·索兰基说，被告人出庭时都蒙住了脸。	Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
此后，阿德克雅被控谋杀她的儿子，于爱丁堡治安法庭受审。	Adekoya has since been in Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged with murdering her son.
她被拘留，等待起诉和审判；但是任何目击者的证据都可能受到负面影响，因为她的形象已被广泛发布。	She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published.
这在英国的其他地方是常见做法，但苏格兰的司法制度有所不同，法院认为公布照片可能会造成潜在的危害。	This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
邓迪大学（University of Dundee）的 Pamela Ferguson 教授指出：“记者如果公布嫌疑人的照片等信息的话，似乎确实存在危害性。”	Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes "journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."
起诉的主要负责部门皇家检控署向记者表示，至少在提起公诉之前将不会再发表进一步言论。	Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment.
菲律宾一名前警察在首都马尼拉劫持旅游大巴，将车上的香港游客作为人质。	A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
罗兰多·门多萨 (Rolando Mendoza) 架起他的 M16 步枪对游客扫射。	Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
多名人质获救，目前至少有六名人质确认遇难。	Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far.
六名人质（包括儿童和老人在内）以及那些菲律宾摄影师被提前释放。	Six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers.
两位摄影师其后顶替一位需要上洗手间的老妇。门多萨则被击毙。	The photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. Mendoza was gunned down.
