当时，大巴车正在开往密苏里州圣路易市的六旗镇，观众正在那里等待乐队的表演，座无虚席。	The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
据目击者称，周六凌晨 1 点 15 分，公交车在绿灯通行时，有一辆车在其前方转弯。	At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it.
截至 8 月 9 日晚，台风莫拉克的台风眼距离中国福建省约 70 公里。	As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
预计台风正以每小时十一公里的速度靠近中国。	The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph.
作为巴布亚新几内亚航空公司的 CG4684 次航班，该“双水獭”飞机昨天曾试图降落在科科达机场，但已经失败过一次。	The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already.
在原计划第二次接近进行着陆前约十分钟，它消失了。	About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
今天，坠机地点已经确定。由于交通不便，两名警察通过直升飞机吊索进入丛林，徒步前往现场搜救幸存者。	The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
导致飞机着陆失败的恶劣天气，也使搜索工作受到了阻碍。	The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
据报道，麦克白大街（Macbeth Street）的一间公寓因煤气泄漏而发生爆炸。	According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
在一位邻居打电话称发生煤气泄漏之后，煤气公司的一名高级职员在现场进行汇报。	An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
官员到达后，公寓发生了爆炸。	When the official arrived, the apartment exploded.
据报告并没有发生重大伤亡，但至少有5 人因身处爆炸现场而出现休克症状，接受了治疗。	No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
公寓里没有人。	No one was inside the apartment.
当时，该地区有近 100 名居民被疏散。	At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
至少有 100 人参加此次聚会，庆祝一对夫妇的结婚一周年纪念日。	At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
官方称，这对夫妇原定于稍后举行正式的周年纪念活动。	A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
一年前，这对夫妇在德克萨斯州结婚，之后来到布法罗和亲友共同庆祝。	The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
这名30岁的丈夫出生于布法罗，是枪击案中的四名死者之一，但他的妻子没有受伤。	The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt.
热带风暴“丹妮尔”在大西洋东部形成，它是 2010 年大西洋飓风季第四个获得命名的风暴。	Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
这场风暴距离佛罗里达州迈阿密约 3000 英里，最大持续风速为每小时 40 英里（64 公里每小时）。	The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph).
美国国家飓风中心的科学家预测，丹妮尔在星期三前将增强为一场大飓风。	Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday.
鉴于风暴远未登陆，目前仍难以评估它对美国或加勒比地区的潜在影响。	As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean.
13 岁的摩托车赛车手彼得·伦茨在印第安纳波利斯赛车场上发生车祸丧生。	Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
在赛道上热身时，伦茨 (Lenz) 从自行车上摔了下来，然后被跟在后面的赛车手泽维尔·扎亚特 (Xavier Zayat) 撞到。	While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat.
当时，在场的医务人员立即对他进行了抢救，并将他送往当地一家医院，后来他因救治无效身亡。	He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
遭遇事故的扎亚特没有受伤。	Zayat was unhurt in the accident.
最新公报显示，海平面的读数表明已经发生过海啸。帕果帕果和纽埃岛附近确切记录了海啸活动的发生。	According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
汤加 (Tonga) 没有重大损失或人员伤亡报告，但电力暂时中断。据报道，停电让汤加当局无法收到太平洋海啸警报中心 (PTWC) 发出的海啸警报。	No major damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC.
尽管警报已解除，坐落于夏威夷海岸线或附近的 14 所学校在整个周三都关闭了。	Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
空难在伊朗是司空见惯的事，这个国家的民用和军用飞机都已经老化，缺少维护。	Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations.
在国际制裁下，伊朗无法购买新的飞机。	International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
本周早些时候，一架警用直升机坠毁，事件造成 3 人死亡，3 人受伤。	Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more.
上个月，伊朗一架飞往亚美尼亚的客机坠毁，机上 168 人遇难，这是伊朗多年来最惨烈的一起空难。	Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to Armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board.
同一个月，又有一架客机冲出马什哈德的跑道，撞上一堵墙，造成 17 人死亡。	The same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at Mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen.
马里亚纳群岛于当地时间早上 7 点 19 分（格林尼治时间周五晚上 9 点 19 分）发生地震。	The eathquake struck Mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. GMT Friday).
北马里亚纳应急管理办公室表示，据报告国内没有造成灾害损失。	The Northern Marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
而且太平洋海啸预警中心（Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center）也表示并未发现海啸迹象。	Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication.
新华社报道称，政府调查人员周三发现了两个“黑匣子”飞行记录仪。	Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black box' flight recorders on Wednesday.
