预报员称，这场位于佛得角群岛以西 645 英里（1040 公里）的风暴可能在对陆地地区造成威胁之前就会自行消散。	The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say.
“弗雷德”目前正以每小时 105 英里（每小时 165 公里）的风速向西北方向移动。	Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
“弗雷德”是卫星图像问世以来，在大西洋南部和东部记录到的最强热带气旋，也是有记录以来西经 35° 以东地区的第三大飓风。	Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W.
在阿拉斯加费尔班克斯（Fairbanks）南部发生数千桶原油泄漏后，横贯阿拉斯加、长达800英里的输油管道系统被关闭。	800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska.
消防指挥系统的例行测试引发了一场电力故障，故障使得安全阀开启，导致原油于格里利堡（Fort Greely）第 9 泵站附近溢出。	A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9.
阀门打开后，系统将释放压力，原油可通过油垫流入一个可容纳 55000 桶（230 万加仑）原油的油箱。	The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
截至周三下午，油箱的排气口仍在漏油，这很可能是由油箱内部的热膨胀造成的。	As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank.
在容积为 104,500 桶的蓄水池的下面，另一个二级防泄漏围护区还没有完全填满。	Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity.
电视报道显示，有白烟从工厂里冒出。	Television reports show white smoke coming from the plant.
当地政府警告核电站附近的居民，要待在室内，关掉空调，不要喝自来水。	Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water.
日本原子能机构表示，核电站检测出了放射性物质铯和碘。	According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant.
有关部门推测，这表明现场储存铀燃料的容器可能已经破裂，并且正在泄漏。	Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
