比利时和瑞士使用的法语语种与法国使用的法语尽管非常相似，可以互通，但还是稍有不同。	The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible.
具体说来，比利时和瑞士讲的法语在数字系统上有一些细微的特殊性，与法国讲的法语不同，一些单词的发音也略有不同。	In particular, the numbering system in French-speaking Belgium and Switzerland has some slight peculiarities that are different from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different.
不过，所有说法语的比利时人和瑞士人都会在学校里学习标准法语，所以即使您使用标准的法国度量系统，他们也能听得懂。	Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system.
在世界上许多地方，挥手是一种友好的表示，意思是“你好”。	In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating "hello."
但是，在马来西亚，至少在农村地区的马来人中，这个手势类似于在某些西方国家用食指朝自己身体摆动，表示“过来”，并且这个手势仅用来表示这个意思。	However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means "come over," similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose.
同样，挥手告别时，如果掌心向着挥手者自己（而不是向着要挥别的人），身处西班牙的英国游客可能会误以为这是请人回来的手势。	Similarly, a British traveller in Spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back.
辅助语言是为了便于语言不相通的人群交流而创造的人工语言或构造语言。	Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
他们不同于通用语。通用语是一种自然的或逐步形成的语言，由于各种原因成为其他语言使用者之间交流的主要手段。	They are separate from lingua francas, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages.
除去表示您的“Sie”之外的所有名词都应以大写字母开头，即使在句子中间也应如此。	All nouns, alongside the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
这是区分某些动词和宾语的一个重要方法。	This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
这也可以让阅读更轻松，尽管这在一定程度上使书写变得复杂，因为你需要判断动词或形容词是否被用作一种名词化的形式。	It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form.
意大利语的发音相对容易，因为大多数单词的发音与拼写完全相同	Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
需要注意的主要字母是 c 和 g，因为它们的发音是根据以下元音变化的。	The main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel.
另外，需要确保对 r 和 rr 采取不同的发音： “caro“ 的意思是”亲爱的“，而 “carro” 的意思则是“双轮战车”。	Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot.
波斯语的语法大多相对简单，有规律可循。	Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
因此，阅读这本语法入门书能帮助你掌握更多波斯语语法，更好地理解短语。	Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better.
毋庸置疑的是，如果你会讲一门罗曼语，那么学习葡萄牙语会更加容易。	Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
然而，懂一点西班牙语的人可能会急着得出这样的结论：葡萄牙语与西班牙语非常接近，不需要单独学习。	However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately.
