激励内容理论的核心是寻找令人认同或产生兴趣的因素。	Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them.
这些理论表明，当人们成熟到一定程度进入成年时，某些需求和/或欲望就被内化了。	These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
这些理论研究为什么某些人想要做他们所做的事情，以及他们所处的环境中哪些事情会让他们做或不做某些事情。	These theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
两种流行的内容理论，分别是马斯洛的需求层次理论和赫茨贝格的双因素理论。	Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
一般来说，当管理者开始领导过去的同事时，会出现两种行为。一种情况是，他们会努力与团队成员保持“亲密关系”。	Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain “one of the guys” (or gals).
这一类型的经理很难做出不得人心的决定，在执行纪律措施、绩效评估、分配责任和追究责任方面也存在困难。	This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable.
在另一种极端情况下，这个人会变成一个与之前迥然不同的个体，觉得他/她必须改变团队所做的一切，并把成果据为己有。	At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own.
毕竟，领导者对团队的成败负有最终责任。	After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
这种行为经常导致领导和团队其他成员之间产生分歧。	This behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
虚拟团队需要坚持与传统团队同样的质量标准，但也有细微的差别。	Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
虚拟团队成员经常担任所对应的线下团队的接洽点。	Virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
他们往往比传统的团队成员拥有更多的自主权，因为他们的团队可能会针对不同的时区安排开会时间，而本地管理层可能不理解这一点。	They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
真正“隐形团队”的存在 (Larson 和 LaFasto，1989，p109），也是虚拟团队的一个独特组成部分。	The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
“看不见的团队”是指每个成员都要向其汇报的管理团队。它为所有成员制定标准。	The “invisible team” is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
