在白天最热的时候，旅行者们可以体验到由水（或其他东西）所形成的错觉——海市蜃楼。	In the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things).
旅行者追逐海市蜃楼会十分危险，因为会浪费宝贵的精力和剩余的水。	These can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water.
即使是最炎热的沙漠，夜间也会变得极其寒冷。如果没有保暖的衣服，低体温症是真实存在的风险。	Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing.
尤其在夏天，如果你决定徒步穿越雨林，就需要小心蚊子。	In summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest.
如果您正在开车穿越亚热带雨林，在您进入车内时车门敞开的几秒钟时间里，也足以让蚊子与您一起钻进车里。	Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you.
禽流感，或更正式地称之为 “家禽流行性感冒”，既能感染鸟类，又能感染哺乳动物。	Bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals.
据报道，人类感染禽流感的病例不到 一千例，但其中有一些病例是致命的。	Fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal.
大多数病例出自与家禽打交道的人群，但观鸟者也有一定风险。	Most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers.
挪威的典型地貌，是陡峭的峡湾和山谷突然变成了高大的、多多少少无甚起伏的高原。	Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau.
这些高原通常被称为 “vidde”，意思是广阔的、开放的、没有树木的空间，是一片浩瀚无垠的区域。	These plateaus are often referred to as "vidde" meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse.
在罗加兰和阿格德，它们被俗称为“hei”，意思是没有树木的荒野，通常长满石南。	In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called "hei" meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather.
冰川并不是稳定的，而会从山上流下来。这会导致出现裂缝和冰裂隙，而这些裂隙可能会被雪桥掩盖。	The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges.
冰洞的墙壁和屋顶可能会坍塌，裂缝可能会闭合。	The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
在冰川的边缘，巨大的冰块会松动、掉落，也许还会跳到或滚到离边缘更远的地方。	At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll farther from the edge.
山中避暑之地的旅游旺季通常是在印度的夏季。	The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer.
然而，冬天却另有一番不同的美景和魅力，许多山中避暑之地的雪量恰到好处。这些地方会提供活动项目，例如滑雪和滑板滑雪。	However, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
如今，前现代的天文台大多已经被淘汰，只作为博物馆或教育场所保留了下来。	Pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education.
由于在其全盛时期的光污染还不像现在这么严重，所以天文台通常建立在城区或校园内，比现代修建的天文台更容易到达。	As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times.
大多数现代科研望远镜都是巨型设施，位于大气条件优良的偏远地区。	Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
赏樱，亦称“花见”（hanami），从 8 世纪开始就成为了日本习俗。	Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
这一概念来自中国，梅花是中国人喜闻乐见的一种花卉。	The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
在日本，最早的樱花派对是由天皇为他自己和皇室其他贵族成员在皇家御所举办的。	In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court.
植物在自然环境中状态最好。因此要抵住诱惑，不去摘掉植物，哪怕“只是一株”。	Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even "just one" specimen.
如果参观的是精心布置的园林，收集“标本”也会被驱逐，没有商量余地。	If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting "specimens" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion.
通常来讲，新加坡是一个非常安全的地方，导航也很容易。到达后你几乎可以买到任何东西。	Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving.
但由于处在赤道以北几度的“高热带”，你将需要同时应对高温（终年）和强烈的阳光（天气晴朗时，这种情况相对较少）。	But being placed in the "high tropics" just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely).
有几辆巴士也向北开往希伯伦，那里是《圣经》中的族长亚伯拉罕、以撒、雅各和他们妻子的传统墓地。	There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
请确认你打算乘坐的公交车将会进入希伯伦，而不仅仅是去附近的基亚特·阿巴 (Kiryat Arba) 犹太定居点。	Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
内陆水道可以作为假期游玩的一个不错的主题。	Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around.
例如，在卢瓦尔河谷和莱茵河谷参观城堡，或者乘游轮去游览多瑙河沿岸好玩的城市，或者沿伊利运河乘船游玩。	For example visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the Danube or boating along the Erie Canal.
它们还为热门的徒步和自行车骑行路径明确了路线。	They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
最初，动物们都是通过游泳、飞行或者漂浮的方式到达了这些岛屿。	All animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating.
因为远离大陆，哺乳动物无法长途跋涉而来，使得巨龟成为科隆群岛主要的食草动物。	Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos.
人类来到加拉帕戈斯群岛后，引进了许多哺乳动物，其中包括山羊、马、牛、老鼠、猫和狗。	Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs.
如果冬季去北极或南极地区旅游，你就能体验到极夜，即一段时间内太阳不会从地平线上升起。	If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon.
这提供了一个可以看到北极光的绝佳机会，因为天空将或多或少连续一整天都是暗的。	This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
这些地区人口稀少，一般不存在光污染的问题，你也能欣赏到璀璨星空。	As the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
