原始人类与其他灵长类动物不同的地方在于，他们不再用双手移动身体、托起重物、在树林里荡来荡去。	Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees.
黑猩猩手脚的大小和长度相似，这反映出手在指背行走中用来承重的事实。	The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking.
人类的手比脚短，指（趾）骨更直。	The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges.
200 万到 300 万年前的手骨化石，都无不体现出手部特征，从移动方式到操作方式，经历了改变。	Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation.
二十世纪的研究表明，基因变异有两种库：显性和隐性。	Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
突变会添加新的基因变异，而选择则会从表达的基因变异池中把变异移除。	Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
由于分离和重组，变异在每一代的两个库之间来回变动。	Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation.
在热带草原上，灵长类动物拥有类似人类的消化系统，现有的植物资源很难满足灵长类动物对氨基酸的需求。	Out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources.
此外，如果做不到这一点将会带来严重的后果：生长抑制、营养不良，最终导致死亡。	Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
最容易获得的植物性资源应该是叶子和豆科植物中的蛋白质，但像我们这样的灵长类动物很难消化这种蛋白质，除非是煮熟的。	The most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
相比之下，动物性食物（蚂蚁、白蚁、蛋）不仅容易消化，而且能提供大量蛋白质，里面含有全部必需的氨基酸。	In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids.
综上所述，如果我们的祖先解决“蛋白质问题”的途径与如今热带草原上的黑猩猩所使用的方法无异，我们也不应该感到惊讶。	All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their "protein problem" in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today.
