抗议活动于当地时间 11:00 (UTC+1) 左右在白厅 (Whitehall) 开始，白厅对面是首相官邸唐宁街的入口处，由警察看守。	The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence.
11 点刚过，抗议者便堵住了白厅北行车道的交通。	Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall.
11 点 20 分，警察要求抗议者退回到人行道，并告知抗议者，在行使抗议权利时，务必考虑到越来越拥堵的公共交通问题。	At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up.
11 点 29 分左右，抗议人群向前行进至白厅，经过特拉法尔加广场、斯特兰德大街、奥德维奇、京士威，向霍尔本行进，保守党正在当地的 Grand Connaught Rooms 酒店举行春季论坛。	Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel.
马生于香港，曾就读于纽约大学和哈佛大学法学院，还一度持有美国永久居民身份证“绿卡”。	Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident "green card".
谢长廷在选举期间暗示，马英九在遇到危机时可能会逃离台湾。	Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
谢长廷还声称马英九虽然很上镜，但中看不中用。	Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance.
澳大利亚财务部长、最有可能接替总理约翰·霍华德担任自由党领袖的彼得·科斯特洛，对澳大利亚的核电工业表示支持。	Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia.
科斯特洛先生说，当核能发电在经济上有可行性的时候，澳大利亚应当推进核电的使用。	Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use.
“如果可以用于商业目的，我们就应该推广这种方式。也就是说，原则上不存在反对核能的理由。”科斯特洛先生说道。	"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy" Mr Costello said.
罗伯茨断然拒绝谈论生命从何时开始的问题。这是考虑堕胎伦理时的一个重要问题，他说，评论可能发生的案件细节是不道德的。	Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases.
然而，他重申了先前的声明，即罗伊诉韦德案（Roe v. Wade）是“美国的既定法律”，并强调最高法院作出一致性裁决的重要性。	He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the "settled law of the land", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings.
他还确认，他赞成默示隐私权，而这默示隐私权是罗伊（Roe）案件的裁决依据。	He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon.
洛丁（Lodin）还表示，官员们决定取消第二轮选举，是为了给阿富汗人节省再次选举的开支，同时避免选举的安全风险。	Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
外交官们表示在阿富汗宪法中发现了足够多的歧义，因此没有必要举办决胜选举。	Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
这与先前的报道相矛盾，先前的报道称取消决选本来是违反宪法的。	This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution.
这次电视直播是伊朗高层消息人士首次承认制裁产生的影响正在显现。	The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect.
这些措施包括金融限制和欧盟对原油出口的禁令，而伊朗经济有 80% 的国外收入来自原油出口。	They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income.
在最新一期的月报中，石油输出国组织声称原油出口已经跌到了二十年来的最低水平，仅为一天 280 万桶。	In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
伊朗最高领袖阿亚图拉·赛义德·阿里·哈梅内伊（Ayatollah Ali Khamenei）称，伊朗对石油的依赖是可追溯到1979年伊朗伊斯兰革命之前的“一个陷阱”，伊朗应该摆脱这个陷阱。	The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as "a trap" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself.
ACMA 还发现，尽管视频已经在互联网上播放，但《老大哥》（Big Brothe）并未违反在线内容审查的法律，因为该媒体并未保存在《老大哥》的网站上。	The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website.
《广播服务法》规定了对互联网内容如何监管，但只有实际储存在服务器上的内容才能被视为互联网内容。	The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server.
位于肯尼亚内罗毕的美国大使馆发出了警告称，“索马里极端分子”正策划在肯尼亚和埃塞俄比亚发动自杀性炸弹袭击。	The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that "extremists from Somalia" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia.
“美国表示，他们收到了来自一名不愿公开身份的人士提供的信息，其中专门提到了通过自杀炸弹袭击者炸毁埃塞俄比亚和肯尼亚的‘著名地标’。”	The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up "prominent landmarks" in Ethiopia and Kenya.
今天的公告也延续了政府在今年 3 月作出的承诺：为额外车厢提供资金援助。	Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages.
新增 300 节车厢，使总车厢数达到 1300 节，以此缓解过度拥挤的情况。	An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding.
在这些官员的陪同下，他向德克萨斯州的公民保证，政府正在采取措施来保护公众的安全。	Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
佩里特别指出：“世界上几乎没有其他设备更齐全的地方，能更好地应对这种情况下带来的挑战。”	Perry specifically said, "There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."
州长还表示：“今天，我们得知一些学龄儿童已被确认曾与该患者有过接触。”	The governor also stated, "Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
他又称：“这个病例很严重。但我们的医疗系统运作良好，请大家放心。”	He went on to say, "This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."
自 1947 年巴基斯坦从英国麾下独立以来，巴基斯坦总统就任命“政治代理”来管理 FATA，而 FATA 则对该地区实行几乎完全的自治。	Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed "Political Agents" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas.
这些代理人负责根据《巴基斯坦宪法》第 247 条提供政府和司法服务。	These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution.
尼日利亚日前宣布，计划在峰会召开的前一周内加入非洲大陆自由贸易区 (AfCFTA)。	Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit.
非洲联盟贸易和工业专员艾伯特·穆坎加宣布贝宁将加入联盟。	AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
特派员表示：“我们尚未就原产地规则和关税协定达成一致，但我们现有的框架足以满足 2020 年 7 月 1 日开始贸易的需要。”	The commissioner said, "We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020".
前马萨诸塞州州长米特·罗姆尼星期二以超过 46% 的选票在佛罗里达州的共和党总统初选中获胜。	Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
前美国众议院议长纽特·金里奇获得 32% 的选票，位居第二。	Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
作为一个“赢者通吃”的州，佛罗里达州将所有 50 张选举代表票都投给了罗姆尼，使他在共和党提名中保持领先。	As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination.
抗议活动的组织者称，大约有 10 万人出现在柏林、科隆、汉堡和汉诺威等德国城市。	Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
警方估计柏林有 6,500 名抗议者。	In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
抗议还发生在巴黎、保加利亚的索非亚、立陶宛的维尔纽斯、马耳他的瓦莱塔、爱沙尼亚的塔林以及苏格兰的爱丁堡和格拉斯哥。	Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
伦敦约有 200 人在主要的版权持有者的办公室外抗议。	In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
上一个月，波兰签署《ACTA》时，国内爆发大规模抗议活动，致使波兰政府决定暂缓批准该协议。	Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
拉脱维亚和斯洛伐克都推迟了加入 ACTA 的进程。	Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA.
关于全球金融形势，萨帕特罗继续说道：“金融体系是经济的一部分，一个关键部分。	Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that "the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part.
“金融危机持续了一年之久，以过去两个月最为严重，我认为现在金融市场正在开始复苏。”	We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
20 世纪 60 年代，布热津斯基先是为约翰·福特·肯尼迪效力，担任他的顾问，后来又为林登·贝恩斯·约翰逊政府工作。	Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
在 1976 年总统选举期间，他为卡特提供了对外政策方面的建议，随后在 1977 到 1981 年接替亨利·基辛格担任国家安全顾问 (NSA) 。	During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
身为国家安全顾问，他曾协助卡特处理诸多国际事务，例如 1978 年签署《戴维营协议》；在20 世纪 70 年代末实现美中关系正常化；1979 年导致伊朗人质危机的伊朗革命；1979 年苏联入侵阿富汗。	As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979.
周日晚些时候，美国总统唐纳德·特朗普通过新闻秘书发表声明，宣布美军将撤离叙利亚。	Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria.
特朗普与土耳其总统雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安（Recep Tayyip Erdoğan）通话后发表了声明。	The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
该声明称，土耳其还将接管对被捕的伊斯兰国武装分子的看守任务；欧洲国家拒绝将他们遣送回国。	Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate.
昨日上午，土耳其加齐安泰普（Gaziantep）的警察总部发生了一起汽车炸弹爆炸事件，该事件导致两名警察死亡，20 余人受伤。	A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
州长办公室表示，伤者中有十九人是警察。	The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
警方说他们怀疑一名疑似伊斯兰国 (ISIL) 的武装分子发动了这场袭击。	Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack.
杜瓦尔已婚，有两个已经成年的孩子，他并没有给故事的讲述者米勒留下太大印象。	Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related.
当被要求发表看法时，米勒说：“迈克在听证会上说了很多……我当时正在做准备，所以没听清他在说什么。”	When asked for comment, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
伊拉克研究小组于格林尼治时间 (GMT) 今天 12 点提交了报告。	The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
报告警告称，没有人能保证目前在伊拉克采取的任何行动能够阻止宗派战争、不断增长的暴力或走向混乱。	It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos.
该报告开篇呼吁美国就中东政策展开公开辩论并形成共识。	The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
该报告对行政当局目前对伊拉克政策的几乎每一个方面都提出了严厉批评，并敦促立即改变方向。	The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
在这份报告的 78 项建议中，第一条建议是在今年年底之前采取新的外交行动，目的在于保护伊拉克的边界免受敌对势力的侵害，并与邻国重建外交关系。	First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
现任参议员、阿根廷第一夫人克里斯蒂娜·费尔南德斯·德·柯克纳 (Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner) 昨晚在距离布宜诺斯艾利斯 50 公里（31英里）的拉普拉塔市 (La Plata) 宣布了其总统竞选资格。	Current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
基什内尔女士在阿根廷大剧院宣布她有意参加总统竞选，2005 年也是在这里，她作为布宜诺斯艾利斯省代表开始竞选参议员。	Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the Senate as member of the Buenos Aires province delegation.
这场辩论是因为对卡特里娜飓风后的救济和重建支出有争议而开始的；一些财政保守派幽默地将其称为“布什的新（奥尔良）政”。	The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
自由派人士对重建工作的批判主要集中在把重建合同授予了视为华盛顿内部人士的这一做法。	Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders.
美国总统乔治·沃克·布什于 11 月 16 日上午抵达新加坡，开始为期一周的亚洲之行。	U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
他受到了新加坡副总理黄根成的欢迎，并与新加坡总理李显龙探讨了贸易和恐怖主义问题。	He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
在经过一周的中期选举失利后，布什向听众讲述了亚洲贸易扩张的形势。	After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in Asia.
周二，总理斯蒂芬·哈珀（ Stephen Harper ）在其办公室与新民主党党魁杰克·林顿（ Jack Layton ）举行 25 分钟的会议后，已经同意将政府的《清洁空气法》送交一个多党委员会审查，然后再进行二读。	Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
“莱顿 (Layton) 在与首相会面期间要求修改保守党的环境法案，他要求‘彻底重写’保守党的环境法案。”	Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a "thorough and complete rewriting" of the Conservative party's environmental bill.
自从联邦政府介入接管塔斯马尼亚州德文波特的默西医院的资金后，州政府和一些联邦议员批评此举是 11 月联邦大选前的噱头。	Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November.
但澳大利亚总理约翰•霍华德 (John Howard) 表示，该法案只是为了通过额外拨付 4500 万澳元来防止医院设施被塔斯马尼亚政府降级。	But Prime Minister John Howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, in giving an extra AUD$45 million.
美国总统乔治·沃克·布什对这一公告表示支持。	U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
"布什政府发言人戈登·约翰德罗 (Gordon Johndroe) 称朝鲜的承诺是"朝着实现朝鲜半岛可核查的无核化目标迈出的重要一步"。"	Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge "a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."
纳米比亚（Namibian）总统和议会选举的最后结果表明，现任总统希菲克普耶·波汉巴（Hifikepunye Pohamba）以巨大的优势再次当选。	Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin.
执政党西南非洲人民组织 (SWAPO) 也在议会选举中保持了多数席位。	The ruling party, South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
联军和阿富汗部队进入该地区保护阵地，其他联军飞机也被派往支援。	Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
坠机发生在高海拔山区，据称是敌方火力所致。	The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
寻找坠机地点的任务遭遇了恶劣的天气和地形。	Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
在法国，传统上投票是一种没什么技术含量的体验：选民进到一个小隔间里，把一张预先印好的、表明了所选候选人的纸片装入信封中。	In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope.
官员核实投票者的身份后，投票者将信封投入投票箱，并在投票册上签名。	After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
法国选举法为选举程序制订了相当严格的法规。	French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
自 1988 年以来，投票箱就必须是透明的，这样选民和观察员才能看到投票开始时箱内没有信封，还能看到除了那些及时统计过、有权投票的选民以外，没有其他人向箱内投入信封。	Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
候选人可以派代表现场察看选举过程的每一个环节。晚上，志愿者在严密监督之下按照特定程序计票。	Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures.
前众议院议长纽特·金里奇、德克萨斯州州长里克·佩里和女国会议员米歇尔·巴赫曼最终分别名列第四、第五和第六。	Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
结果出来后，金里奇连连称赞桑托勒姆，但对罗姆尼做出严厉批评。以后者的名义，在爱荷华州放送对金里奇不利的竞选广告。	After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich.
佩里表示，他会“返回得克萨斯，评估今晚党团会议的结果，明确自己在这次较量中是否有胜算的余地”。但后来他又表示会继续参加竞选，并参加于 1 月 21 日在南卡罗莱纳州举行的初选。	Perry stated that he would "return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary.
八月曾在埃姆斯模拟民意调查中胜出的巴赫曼决定退出竞选。	Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
我不知道你有没有意识到，从中美洲进口到这个国家的大部分货物都是免关税的。	I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty-free.
然而，我们百分之八十的商品在中美洲国家被征收关税。……我们对待你。	Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you.
我觉得这毫无道理；显然不公平。	That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
我对人们说的是：我们怎么对待你，你就怎么对待我们。	All I say to people is you treat us the way we treat you.
加利福尼亚州长阿诺德·施瓦辛格签署了一项法案，禁止向未成年人出售或出租暴力电子游戏。	California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
该法案规定在加州销售的暴力电子游戏必须贴上“18”的标签，销售商每违法销售给未成年人一次就会被处以 1000 美元的罚款。	The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading "18" and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense.
总检察长兼王室法律顾问凯尔·斯塔莫 (Kier Starmer) 今天上午发表声明，宣布对胡纳和普莱斯提起公诉。	The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
胡纳已经辞职，他在内阁中的位置将由国会议员埃德·戴维 (Ed Davey) 接替。预计国会议员诺曼·兰姆 (Norman Lamb) 将接替戴维空出的商务部长一职。	Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating.
胡纳和普赖斯将于 2 月 16 日在威斯敏斯特治安法院出庭。	Huhne and Pryce are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
据透露，这份文件将提及边界争端，巴勒斯坦希望以1967年中东战争前的边界为基础。	The document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War.
据报道，讨论的其他议题包括对两国来说都神圣的耶路撒冷的未来状态和约旦河谷问题。	Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue.
以色列要求协议签订后，在山谷中部署十年的军事力量，而巴勒斯坦民族权力机构只同意保留五年。	Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such presence only for five years.
在 2010 年联邦大选之前曾对 1,400 名受访者做过调查，受访者中反对澳大利亚成为共和国的人数自 2008 年以来增长了 8%。	Out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008.
看守总理朱莉娅·吉拉德在2010年联邦大选竞选期间称，她认为在女王伊丽莎白二世退位后，澳大利亚应该成为共和国。	Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
34% 的受访者一致表示，希望英国女王伊丽莎白二世成为澳大利亚的最后一任君主。	34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch.
投票存在两极分化的情况，29% 的受访者认为澳大利亚应该尽快成立共和国，31% 的人则认为澳大利亚永远不应该成立共和国。	At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic.
现年 53 岁的库莫（Cuomo）从今年年初开始担任州长，并于上个月签署了一项将同性婚姻合法化的法案。	Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
他把谣言称为“政治碎碎念和愚蠢行为”。	He referred to the rumors as "political chatter and silliness".
据推测，他将在 2016 年参加总统竞选。	He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
