这不仅证实了至少有些恐龙有羽毛——这一理论已经广为流传——而且还提供了化石通常无法提供的细节，比如颜色和三维排列。	This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
科学家表示，这种动物的羽毛顶部为栗棕色，底部为浅色或胡萝卜色。	. Scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
这一发现也有助于深入了解鸟类羽毛的进化。	The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
恐龙的羽毛并没有发育良好的主干——这称为“羽轴”，但还是有羽毛的其他特征，比如羽枝和羽小枝，研究人员推断羽轴的进化可能比这些其他特征晚。	Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features.
羽毛的结构表明它们不是用来飞行的，而是用来调节温度或炫耀的。研究人员认为，尽管这是一只年轻恐龙的尾巴，但样本显示的是成熟的羽衣，而不是幼崽的羽毛。	The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
研究人员认为，尽管这是一只年轻恐龙的尾巴，但样本显示的是成年羽毛，而非雏龙的绒毛。	The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
他们发现，太阳和其他恒星的运行原理是一样的：星系中所有恒星的活跃度都完全决定于它们的光度和自转。	They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
一颗恒星的罗斯贝数由其光度和旋度共同决定，与等离子体流有关。	The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
罗斯贝数越小，恒星在磁场倒转方面就越不活跃。	The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals.
802.11n 标准在 2.4Ghz 和 5.0Ghz 频率上都可运行。	The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
它能向后兼容 802.11a、802.11b 和 802.11g，前提是基站要有双无线电。	This will allow it to be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radios.
802.11n 的速度大大快于前代技术，最大理论吞吐量可达 600Mbit/s。	The speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
