伊氏西爪龙属于驰龙科，是迅猛龙的表亲。	Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor .
据说，这种全身长满羽毛的温血猛禽像迅猛龙一样，用带爪子的两条腿直立行走。	This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor.
它的第二只爪子要大一些，因此得名“赫斯佩罗龙”，意思是“西方的爪”。	Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means "western claw."
太空舱大约会在早上 5 点（东部时间）到达地球，并进入大气层，为北加州、俄勒冈州、内华达州和犹他州的居民上演一场精彩的焰火秀。	When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah.
太空舱看起来很像划过天空的流星。	The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
太空舱将以每秒约 12.8 公里（8 英里）的速度飞行，速度之快，足以在一分钟内从旧金山飞到洛杉矶。	The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
星尘号将打破 1969 年 5 月阿波罗 X 指令舱返回地球时创下的纪录，并创下空前的新纪录，成为返回地球最快的太空飞船。	Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module.
星尘号的项目经理汤姆·达克斯伯里 (Tom Duxbury) 说：“它将穿过北加州西海岸，从加州穿过俄勒冈州中部，然后穿过内华达州和爱达荷州，然后进入犹他州，照亮这些地方的天空。”	“It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah,” Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said.
这是 eBay 史上最大型的一次收购。	It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history.
该公司希望实现利润来源的多元化，并在 Skype 广泛普及的中国、东欧和巴西等地区提高知名度。	The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil.
科学家怀疑土卫二有活跃的地质活动，而且可能是冰冻的土星 E 光环的来源。	Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
土卫二 (Enceladus) 是太阳系中反射能力最强的物体，能反射约90％照射到它表面的太阳光。	Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.
根据这块化石，这意味着分裂较分子证据所预计的要早得多。	"Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence.
这意味着一切都要推到更久之前。“埃塞俄比亚裂谷研究所的研究员、该研究的合著者 Berhane Asfaw 如是说。	That means everything has to be put back," said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw.
这被认为是人类历史上第五次观测到经过化学方式证实的火星物质坠落到地球上。	This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
在已知的大约 24,000 块坠落至地球的陨石中，经核实只有 34 块是来自火星。	Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin.
这些岩石中的十五块来源于去年七月份的流星雨。	Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July.
其中一些岩石在地球上非常稀有，售价在每盎司 11,000 美元到 22,500 美元之间，比黄金的价格高出约十倍。	Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold.
暗能量是一种完全看不见的能量，不断地驱动宇宙运动。	Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
人们之所以知道它的存在，只是因为它对宇宙扩张的影响。	Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
科学家发现了一种遍布月球表面的地貌，称为瓣状裂谷，这显然是由于月球非常缓慢地收缩造成的。	Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly.
这些陡坡在月球上随处可见，而且几乎没有受到风化。这表明形成这些陡坡的地质事件是在相对近期发生的。	These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent.
该理论反驳了月球上不存在任何地质活动的说法。	This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
它会像水一样流动。它和水一样透明。	"It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is.
所以如果你站在海岸线旁边，就能看到底部的各类鹅卵石或泥状物。	So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom.
斯托芬补充道：“据我们所知，只有一颗行星星体比土卫六表现得更有活力，那就是地球。”	As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth," added Stofan.
无人驾驶月球轨道飞行器月船一号发射了月球撞击探测器，该探测器以每秒 1.5 公里(每小时 3000 英里) 的速度掠过月球表面，并在月球南极附近成功硬着陆	The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole.
除了搭载三台重要的科学仪器，月球探测器的每一侧都印有印度国旗图案。	Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides.
被称为“11 号宇航员”的列昂诺夫是苏联最早的宇航员团队中的一员。	Leonov, also known as "cosmonaut No. 11", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts.
1965 年 3 月 18 日，他完成了首次载人舱外活动（ EVA，俗称“太空漫步”），在航天器外独自维持了 12 分钟多一点。	On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or "spacewalk", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes.
由于工作表现出色，他获得了苏联最高荣誉“苏联英雄”的称号。	He received the "Hero of the Soviet Union", the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work.
十年之后，他领导了阿波罗-联盟号任务的苏联部分，这标志着太空竞赛已经结束。	Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over.
尽管早些时候在空间站任务中丢失了一个陀螺仪，但空间站一直保持着它的姿态，直到太空行走任务结束。	The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk.
据报告，焦立中（Chiao）和沙里波夫（Sharipov）与调姿推进器的距离是安全的。	Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
俄罗斯地面控制中心启动了飞机，空间站随即恢复正常姿态。	Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
美国地质调查局国际地震地图显示，冰岛在前一周并未发生地震。	The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior.
冰岛气象局也报告说，在过去 48 小时内，赫克拉（Hekla）地区并没有发生地震活动。	The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours.
导致相位变化的重大地震活动于 3 月 10 日发生在该火山顶部火山口的东北侧。	The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
据报道，山底出现了与火山活动无关的乌云。	Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
这些云可能会让人们怀疑火山到底有没有真正喷发过。	The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
由于表面张力的作用，钢针可以浮在水面上。	The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
发生表面张力的原因，是水面的水分子之间互相强烈吸引，它们之间的引力比与水分子与上方空气分子之间的吸引力要大。	Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
水分子在水的表面形成了一层看不见的外皮，这层外皮可以让针这样的东西浮在水面上。	The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
从四分之一英里转变为半英里的赛跑，速度变得不那么重要了，耐力成为绝对重要的因素。	With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
当然，要成为一流的半英里跑步选手（在两分钟内跑完），就必须要有足够快的速度，并且要不惜一切代价地培养耐力。	Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards.
在冬季练练越野跑，加上对上半身的健身锻炼，能为跑步季做好充分准备。	Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season.
仅靠适当的营养实践并不足以造就出色表现，但这可以显著影响年轻运动员的整体健康状况。	Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness.
保持健康的能量平衡，坚持有效补充水分的习惯，了解合理使用营养补品的各个方面，能够帮助运动员们改善表现，增加运动乐趣。	Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport.
中长跑是一项花费相对低廉的运动；然而参与者对所需的几件装备却有很多误解。	Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate.
可以根据需要购买产品，但大多数产品对成绩几乎没有实际影响。	Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
运动员可能会认为他们倾向于一个产品，尽管这个产品毫无益处。	Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
原子可被视为是全部物质的基本组成模块之一。	The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter.
根据简化的波尔模型显示，这是一个非常复杂的实体，包含了一个由电子环绕的中心原子核，这些电子有点像绕着太阳运行的行星。详见图 1.1。	Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1.
原子核由中子和质子这两种粒子组成。	The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
质子带有正电，中子不带电。电子带有负电。	Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge.
要检查受害者，你必须先勘察现场，确保自身的安全。	To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety.
靠近受害者时，需要注意其姿势和任何无意识的危险信号。	You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags.
如果你想帮助别人时受伤，你只会使事情变得更糟。	If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse.
研究发现，抑郁、恐惧以及把病情灾难化的情绪，在腰疼患者的疼痛和残疾中起到了中介作用。	The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers.
只有杞人忧天思维的影响，而不是沮丧和恐惧的影响，才能有条件地每周定期进行结构性体育锻炼。	Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions.
参与定期训练的人在对疼痛的被动感知方面需要更多支持，以帮助他们区分慢性疼痛和不适感与正常身体运动的区别。	Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
视觉或看的能力依赖于视觉系统的感觉器官，即眼睛。	Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
眼睛的构造有许多种，其复杂程度取决于生物体的需要。	There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism.
不同的构造有不同的功能，对不同的波长敏感，且敏锐度不同。它们也需要不同的处理方式来理解输入，并需要不同数量的输入才能达到最佳效果。	The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally.
种群是指在特定地理区域内特定种类生物体的集合。	A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area.
当种群中的所有个体在某一特定表型性状上完全相同时，就称之为单型。	When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
当个体表现出某一性状的几个变体时，它们就是多态的。	When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
行军蚁群的行进和筑巢也分不同的阶段。	Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
在迁徙阶段，行军蚁在夜间出行，白天停下来安营。	In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
当可利用的食物减少时，这个蚁群就会迎来迁徙期。在这一阶段，蚁群会建造每天更换的临时巢穴。	The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday.
这种游牧性的横冲直撞行为每次都会持续 17 天左右。	Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
什么是细胞？“细胞”一词来源于拉丁语“cella”，意思是“小房间”，最初是由观察软木结构的显微镜学家创造的。	What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word "cella", meaning "small room", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork.
细胞是所有生物的基本构成单位，所有生物体都是由一个或多个细胞构成的。	The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
实际上，细胞在生物研究中有着如此基础和关键的地位，以至于它们常被称为“生命的基本单位”。	Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as "the building blocks of life".
神经系统通过向全身发送神经脉冲来保持血液流动顺畅，从而维持体内平衡。	The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed.
这些神经脉冲可以非常迅速地传送到全身，让身体免受任何潜在威胁的伤害。	These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
与其他猛烈的风暴相比，龙卷风袭击的区域较小，但可以摧毁途经的一切。	Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
龙卷风能将树木连根拔起，将建筑物上的木板撕下，把汽车抛向天空。龙卷风中的百分之二最为猛烈，能持续肆虐三小时以上。	Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
这些怪物般的风暴，风速高达每小时 480 公里（133 m/s; 300 mph）。	These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
几千年来，人类一直在制作和使用放大镜。	Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
然而，第一个真正的望远镜是 16 世纪晚期在欧洲制造的。	However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century.
这些望远镜使用了两个透镜的组合，使远处的物体看起来既近又大。	These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
贪婪和自私永远与我们同在，合作的本质就是当大多数人受益时，短期的自私行为总能带来更多利益	Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly
希望大多数人都能意识到，从长远来看，与他人合作才是最佳选择。	Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
科学家表示，这次碰撞引起的爆炸规模巨大。	Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
他们仍在努力确定这次撞击的规模以及对地球的影响。	They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected.
美国国防部战略司令部正在追踪残骸。	The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is tracking the debris.
绘图分析的结果将发布在公网上。	The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
所有的洞穴入口（这些洞被称为”七姊妹“）直径至少为 100 至 250 米（328 至 820 英尺）。	All of the cave entrances, which were named "The Seven Sisters", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
红外图像显示，昼夜温度的变化表示这些地方很可能是洞穴。	Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
“比周围的表面相比，它们白天更凉，晚上更暖。	"They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night.
“它们的热行为不像地球上的大型洞穴那么稳定，这些大型洞穴通常会保持相当恒定的温度，但它们与地下深穴的情况很相似，”亚利桑那州旗杆镇美国地质调查局 (USGS) 太空地质团队和北亚利桑那大学的格伦·库欣说道。	Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
早先于全球发布的华硕 Eee PC 个人笔记本，因成本节约及功能性因素，成为 2007 年台北 IT 资讯月备受瞩目的话题。	ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month.
但在华硕获得台湾行政院颁发的 2007 年台湾永续发展奖后，笔记本电脑的消费市场将发生根本性的变化。	But the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after ASUS was awarded in the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
发射大约 3 分钟后，箭载摄像机显示大量绝缘泡沫碎片从燃料箱脱落。	Around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank.
然而，这些泡沫被认为并没有对航天飞机造成任何损坏。	However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle.
美国宇航局的航天飞机项目负责人 N. Wayne Hale Jr. 表示，泡沫是“经受住了我们担心的时长之后”才掉落的。	NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen "after the time we are concerned about."
据报道，大约有 60 起 iPod 发生故障、机身过热的情况，共造成 6 起火灾，4 人轻微烧伤。	Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
日本经济产业省 (METI) 表示，他们已经注意到有 27 起事故与该设备有关。	Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices.
上周，日本经济产业省 (METI) 宣布，苹果公司向该部门通报另外 34 起过热造成的事故，尽管该公司称这些事故“并不严重”。	Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called "non-serious."
经济产业省回应称，苹果推迟发布报告“非常令人遗憾”。	The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report "truly regrettable."
利金斯 (Liggins) 追随父亲的脚步，开始了从医生涯。	Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine.
他接受过产科医生培训，从 1959 年开始在奥克兰国家妇女医院工作。	He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
利金斯 (Liggins) 在医院工作时，开始在业余时间研究早产。	While he was working at the hospital Liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time.
他的研究表明，施用激素可加速宝宝胎肺的成熟。	His research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation.
中央密苏里大学 (University of Central Missouri) 的数学家、计算机科学教授柯蒂斯·库珀 (Curtis Cooper) 于 1 月 25 日发现了迄今为止最大的已知素数。	Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25.
二月初，几个人用不同的硬件和软件验证了这一发现，并在周二宣布。	Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday.
彗星可能是地球上的水和有机物的来源，这些有机物可以形成蛋白质并维持生命的存续。	Comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
科学家希望了解自从彗星很久以前与地球相撞以来，行星是如何形成的，尤其是地球的形成方式。	Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago.
周四，一份发表于《科学》杂志的研究报告称，一种新的鸟类在厄瓜多尔加拉帕戈斯群岛形成。	A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands.
来自美国普林斯顿大学和瑞典乌普萨拉大学的研究人员报告称，由于当地特有的达尔文雀中的勇地雀和外来的仙人掌大嘴地雀之间的繁殖，这个新物种只进化了两代，尽管人们认为这一过程需要更长的时间。	Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
这被称为化学物质的 pH 值。你可以使用红甘蓝汁制作指示剂。	This is called a chemical's pH. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
卷心菜汁的颜色将根据化学物质的酸碱性发生变化。	The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
pH 值以被测化学品中的氢（pH 中的 H）离子数量表示。	The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical.
氢离子是失去了电子的质子（因为氢原子由一个质子和一个电子组成）。	Hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
搅动两种干粉使其混合，然后用干净的湿手把它们揉成一个球。	Swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball.
你手上的水分会与外层发生反应，这样会形成一层类似外壳的东西，感觉十分有趣。	The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell.
当今，几乎所有投入使用的计算机都是以处理二进制编码的信息为基础的。	Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
二进制数只能占两个值里的其中一个，即0或者1，而这样的数被称为二进制数字，即计算机术语中的“位”。	A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon.
体内中毒可能不会立即显现出来，呕吐等症状十分普遍，因此不能立即作出诊断。	Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made.
摄入毒物的最有力指示物可能是现场被打开的容器，里面装有药物或家用有毒化学品。	The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
查看毒药上的标签，获得具体急救指引。	Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
昆虫学家们用“虫子 (bug)”一词来正式称呼这一类的昆虫。	The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
这个术语源于人们对臭虫的熟悉，臭虫是一种非常适应寄生于人类的昆虫。	This term derives from ancient familiarity with Bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans.
猎蝽和臭虫都是留巢昆虫，适应在宿主的巢穴或住房中生活。	Both Assassin-bugs and Bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host.
在美国的各个地区，约有 40 万例多发性硬化症 (MS) 病例，这一疾病已经成为中青年的主要神经系统疾病。	Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults.
多发性硬化是一种影响中枢神经系统（由脑、脊髓和视神经组成）的疾病。	MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve.
研究发现，女性患多发性硬化症 (MS) 的几率是男性的两倍。	Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males.
一对夫妻可能出于自己的利益，或者为其子女利益着想，因而决定不进行生育。	A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby.
这些夫妇可能会为他们的孩子制定收养计划。	These couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
在收养过程中，亲生父母终止了自己作为父母的权利，这样另一对夫妇才能抚养孩子。	In an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child.
科学的主要目的是通过科学方法找出世界的运行方式。实际上，这种方法可为大多数科学研究提供指导。	Science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. This method in fact guides most scientific research.
实验是一种用来消除一个或多个可能性假设的试验，不过，实验并不是唯一的方法。提出问题及进行观察也可以指导科学研究。	It isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research.
自然主义者和哲学家关注古典文本，特别是拉丁文版的《圣经》。	Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin.
亚里士多德就所有科学领域的问题（包括心理学在内）所发表的观点都被一一接纳。	Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology.
随着希腊知识的衰落，西方脱离了其希腊哲学和科学根源。	As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
研究者观察到的许多生理节律和行为节律很大程度上往往取决于通过生物钟而产生的内生周期及其存在。	Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
周期性的节奏不仅仅是对外部周期信号的简单反应。这种节奏在包括细菌、真菌、植物和动物等大多数生物中都有记录。	Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
生物钟是能够自我维持的摆动装置，即使在没有外界提示的情况下，也会持续一段时间自由运转的周期。	Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues.
赫希及崔斯（Hershey and Chase）的实验，是说明 DNA 是遗传物质的主要迹象依据之一。	The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material.
赫尔希和蔡斯利用噬菌体或病毒，将他们自己的 DNA 植入到细菌之中。	Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
他们做了两个实验，一个是用放射性磷标记噬菌体的 DNA，一个是用放射性硫标记噬菌体的蛋白质。	They did two experiments marking either the DNA in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
突变会产生各种各样不同的影响，这取决于突变的类型、受影响遗传物质的重要性以及受影响的细胞是否为生殖系细胞。	Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
只有生殖细胞的突变才会遗传给孩子，而其他细胞的突变则会导致细胞死亡或癌症。	Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer.
自然风光旅游业吸引了那些对自然地区感兴趣的游客，他们前来观赏包括野生动植物在内的自然风景。	Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife.
现场活动包括打猎、钓鱼、摄影、观鸟、参观公园和研究生态系统。	Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
例如，在婆罗洲参观、拍摄和了解红毛猩猩。	An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in Borneo.
每天早上，人们驾车离开小乡镇上班，路上和他们擦肩而过的人的工作地点正是他们离开的地方。	Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left.
在这种动态交通穿梭中，每个人都以某种方式与基于私家车的交通系统相连接，并对其提供支持。	In this dynamic transport shuttle everyone is somehow connected with, and supporting, a transport system based on private cars.
如今，科学表明，这种大规模的碳经济，再也无法让过去 200 万年来支持人类进化发展的生物圈保持稳定状态。	Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
