孩子还小的时候，就能意识到种族和种族刻板印象，这些种族刻板印象会影响其行为。	Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
例如，如果人们模式化地认为某个少数族裔的孩子在学校表现不好，那么这些孩子一旦了解了关于自己族裔的模式化观念，他们在学校往往就有不好的表现。	For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race.
自给农业，是为了生产仅能满足农业者及其家人所需的食物而进行的农业活动。	Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
自给农业是一种简单且通常是有机的系统，利用该生态区内保存的本地种子，与农作物轮作或其他相对简单的技术相结合，从而最大限度地提高产量。	Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
从历史上看，大部分农民从事的都是自给自足的农业生产。如今在很多发展中国家，情况依然如此。	Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
亚文化让志同道合的个人团结起来，这些人感到自己被社会标准所忽视，亚文化在他们之间培养出一种认同感。	Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
鉴于成员的年龄、种族、阶级、位置以及/或性别差异，亚文化可能会各具特色。	Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
让亚文化变得与众不同的特质，可能是语言、美学、宗教、政治、性别、地理或多种因素的组合。	The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
亚文化群体的成员，常常会象征性地利用独特的行事风格来表明他们的成员身份，包括时尚服装、举止和黑话。	Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot.
要说明社会化的重要性，最常用的方法之一是利用少数不幸儿童的案例。这些儿童由于被忽视、遭遇不幸或遭到故意虐待，在成长过程中没有在成年人的帮助下实现社会化。	One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up.
这样的孩子被称为“野孩”，意思是野孩子。 有些野孩子被人们（通常是他们自己的父母）所幽禁； 在某些情况下，孩子被遗弃是由于父母拒绝接受孩子有智力或身体上的严重缺陷。	Such children are called "feral" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment.
野孩子在被抛弃或离家出走之前，可能经历过严重的儿童虐待或创伤。	Feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
据说，其他人是被动物养大的；有些人独自生活在野外。	Others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
狼孩如果完全由非人类的动物抚养长大，其行为（在身体条件允许的范围内）会与该动物非常雷同，比如会对人类表现出恐惧或冷漠。	When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans.
