木卫一的重力会对我产生怎样的作用力？如果你站在木卫一表面，你的体重会比在地球上轻。	How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth.
一个在地球上重 200 磅（90公斤）的人，在木卫一上的重量约为 36 磅（16公斤）。因此重力理所当然地对你产生了较小的牵引力。	A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you.
太阳并没有像地球那样可以站在上面的地壳。整个太阳是由气体、火和等离子体组成的。	The Sun doesn't have a crust like the Earth that you can stand on. The whole Sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma.
当你距离太阳中心越远，气体就越稀薄。	The gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the Sun.
我们看到的太阳外部称作光球层，意即“光之球”。	The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means "ball of light".
约三千年后，也就是在1610年，意大利的天文学家伽利略·伽利莱（Galileo Galilei）使用望远镜观测天体，发现金星具有着与月球一致的相位。	About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does.
相变的发生是因为金星（或月球）只有面向太阳的一边被照到。金星的相变支持了哥白尼的理论，即行星围绕太阳旋转。	Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or of the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun.
然后，几年后的 1639 年，一位名叫耶利米·霍罗克斯 (Jeremiah Horrocks) 的英国天文学家观测到了一次金星凌日。	Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus.
许多人梦想着人类有一天可以移民到其他星球，探索其他世界。有些人想知道宇宙有什么；有些人相信其他行星上可能有外星人或其他生命。	Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant.
但如果这种情况真的发生了，那么它很可能在很长一段时间内都不会再发生了。这些恒星非常分散，“相邻”的恒星相隔数万亿英里。	But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are "neighbors".
也许有一天，你的子孙后代会生活在外星世界，猜测着他们远古的祖先当时过得是怎样的一种生活。	Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors?
几千年前，一个叫阿里斯塔克斯的人曾说，太阳系围绕着太阳旋转。	Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun.
有些人认为他是对的，但也有很多人持相反意见；他们认为太阳系是围绕着地球运转的，太阳也是（甚至其他恒星也是）。	Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
这似乎是合理的，因为地球感觉不到自己在移动，不是吗？	This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?
月球的表面由岩石和灰尘组成。月球的外层叫做地壳。	The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
地壳近侧厚约 70 公里，远侧厚约 100 公里。	The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
阴暗面下面的地壳薄一些，高地下的地壳厚一些。	It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
因为地壳更薄，所以近的一面可能会有更多的阴暗部，熔岩更容易上升到地表。	There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface.
