元素和化合物可以在发生化学变化的情况下改变物态。	Elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change.
气态氮仍具有与液态氮相同的性质。液态氮的密度更大，但是分子还是一样的。	Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same.
另一个例子是水。化合物水是由两个氢原子和一个氧原子组成的。	Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
无论是气体、液体还是固体，它的分子结构都是一样的。	It has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid.
虽然它的物理状态可能会改变，但化学状态保持不变。	Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same.
德国是二战中各国的共同敌人，这促进了苏联和美国之间的合作。随着战争的结束，制度、程序和文化上的冲突又使得两国分道扬镳。	Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out.
战争结束两年后，曾经的盟友如今成了敌人，冷战随即开始。	With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
这场战争持续了 40 年，代理军队在从非洲到亚洲的很多战场上真刀真枪地战斗，包括在阿富汗和古巴。	It was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
人们自古以来就知道金、银、铜等基本化学元素，因为这些元素都能以自然形态在自然界中发现，而且比较容易使用原始工具进行开采。	People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
哲学家亚里士多德提出一种理论，即任何事物都是由土、水、空气和火四种元素中的一种或多种组成的。	Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire.
这更像是物质的四种状态（顺序不分手）：固体、液体、气体和等离子体，不过他也提出了理论，认为它们会转变成新的物质，构成我们所看到的事物。	This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see.
合金基本上由两种或以上金属混合而成。不要忘记一点，元素周期表上有很多元素。	Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table.
钙、钾等元素属于金属，银和金等元素当然也是金属。	Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold.
也有含少量非金属元素（例如碳）的合金。	You can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon.
宇宙中的一切都由物质构成，而所有的物质都由被称为原子的微小粒子组成。	Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
原子如此微小，以至于这句话末尾的句号处可以容纳数万亿的原子。	Atoms are so incredibly tiny that trillions of them could fit into the period at the end of this sentence.
