是的！图坦卡蒙国王，有时也被称为“图特王”或“少年国王”，他是现代最著名的古埃及国王之一。	Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as "King Tut" or "The Boy King", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times.
有趣的是，他在古代并不被认为是举足轻重的人物，而且不被记录于大多数古代国王的名单。	Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
然而，1922 年发现了他的墓穴，让他成了名人。虽然有许多过去的坟墓被盗，但这座坟墓几乎未遭破坏。	However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed.
图坦卡蒙的大部分陪葬品都保存完好，其中包括数千件由贵金属和稀有宝石制成的文物。	Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones.
辐轮的发明使亚述人的战车更轻便、更迅速，行驶起来可以更轻松地超过士兵和其他战车。	The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
他们从致命的十字弓中射出的利箭，能穿透敌军的盔甲。公元前 1000 年前后，亚述人使用了第一批骑兵。	Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
骑兵是指在马背上作战的军队。当时尚未发明马鞍，因此亚述骑兵只能骑在光秃秃的马背上作战。	A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses.
我们知道许多希腊政治家、科学家和艺术家。希腊文化中最有名的人可能是有着传奇色彩的盲人诗人荷马。他创作了希腊文学的两部杰作：《伊利亚特》和《奥德赛》。	We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey.
索福克勒斯（Sophocles ）和阿里斯托芬（Aristophanes）仍然是受欢迎的剧作家，他们的戏剧被认为是世界文学中最伟大的作品之一。	Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
另一个著名的希腊人是数学家毕达哥拉斯，他最有名的成就是提出了关于直角三角形各边关系的著名定理。	Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
尽管罗马人的大部分食物是我们所常见的，但他们确实有一些奇怪或不寻常的宴会菜肴，包括野猪、孔雀、蜗牛和一种叫做榛睡鼠的啮齿动物	While most of their food would be familiar to us, Romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse
另一个不同之处在于，穷人和女人坐在椅子上吃饭，富人则喜欢聚在一起举行宴会，侧卧着吃饭。	Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals.
几个世纪后从美洲或亚洲传入欧洲的食物不可能出现在古罗马人的饮食当中。	Ancient Roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to Europe from America or from Asia in later centuries.
例如，他们没有玉米、西红柿、土豆和可可，也没有哪个古罗马人吃过火鸡。	For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey.
巴比伦人为他们每位神祇都建造了一座主殿，将其视为该神居所。	The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
人们会把祭品献给神，牧师会通过仪式和节庆来满足神的需要。	People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
每所神殿都有一处对外开放的庭院，以及一处只有祭司才能进入的内殿。	Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter.
有些特殊的塔呈金字塔形状，被称为金字形神塔，是作为庙宇的一部分而建造的。	Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples.
塔顶是上帝的特殊圣地。	The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god.
在中东温暖的气候中，房子并不是多重要。	In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
希伯来家庭的生活大多是在户外度过的。	Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened in the open air.
女人们在院子里做饭；商店其实就是面向街道的开放柜台。他们用石头来建造房屋。	Women did the cooking in the yard; stores were just open counters looking into the street. Stone was used for building houses.
迦南没有大森林，所以木材非常昂贵。	There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
格陵兰岛人烟稀少。据北欧史诗萨迦记载，红胡子埃里克因犯谋杀罪被逐出冰岛，他向西航行，发现陆地，于是将其命名为格陵兰岛。	Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland.
但不管他有没有发现，爱斯基摩人当时已经在那里生活了。	But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time.
虽然均隶属于“斯堪的纳维亚”，但丹麦、瑞典、挪威和冰岛的民众、国王、习俗和历史之间存在着许多差异。	Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
文明是一种由共同生活、合作工作的人群（社会）所共享的单一文化。	A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society.
“文明”一词来自拉丁语“civilis”（意为“公民的”），与拉丁语"civis"（意为“公民”）及"civitas"（意为“城市”或“城邦”）都有关，这也以某种方式定义了社会的规模。	The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society.
城邦是民族的前身。文明型文化意味着知识的代代相传，文化的足迹萦绕留存，还有文化能够公平地传播。	City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination.
少数民族文化常常没有留下相关的历史证据就消失无踪，而且不被当做是像样的文明。	Minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
中国古代的不同时期各有特点；中国的每个时期或每个执掌天下的家族都是一个特点鲜明的王朝。	Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty.
同样，历朝历代更迭期间都是一段小国分立的不稳定时代。其中最有名的便是长达 60 年的三国时期，该时期处于汉晋两代的更迭之间。	Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
在这些动乱时期，各路诸侯为争夺王位而发生激烈战争。	During these periods fierce warfare took place between many nobles fighting for the throne.
三国是中国古代历史上最血腥的时代之一。成千上万的人为了争夺西安豪华宫殿最高的权力而死去。	The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in Ancient China’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at Xi’an.
