南极洲环绕着南极，是地球上最冷的地方。	Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole.
旅行费用高昂，对身体素质要求也很高，并且只能在十一月至次年二月的夏季前往，游览地点主要限于半岛、群岛和罗斯海。	Tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer Nov-Feb, and are largely limited to the Peninsula, Islands and Ross Sea.
在夏天，这里的四十余个基地会迎来几千名工作人员，其中的大多数人驻扎在此地区；一小部分人留下越冬。	A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
南极洲内陆是一片荒凉的高原，为 2-3 千米厚的冰所覆盖。	Inland Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice.
偶尔会有专门的航空旅行团前往内陆旅行，参加登山活动，或前往南北极的大型基地。	Occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, which has a large base.
南极穿越公路 (South Pole Traverse)（或高速公路）始于罗斯海的麦克默多站 (McMurdo Station)，直通南极点，全长 1600 公里。	The South Pole Traverse (or Highway) is a 1600 km trail from McMurdo Station on the Ross Sea to the Pole.
雪被压实，缝隙也被填满，并用旗帜做了标记。只有专门的拖拉机以及拖着装有燃料和补给的雪橇才能通行。	It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies.
车子并不是很灵活，所以必须绕着横贯南极山脉，拐一个长长的的大弯才能来到高原。	These aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the Transantarctic Mountains to come onto the plateau.
冬天最常见的事故原因是道路和路面（人行道）湿滑，特别是台阶。	The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps.
至少你需要鞋底适当的鞋子。穿夏季鞋在冰雪上行走通常很滑，甚至一些冬季靴也有所不足。	At a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. Summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient.
鞋纹应该足够深，在5 毫米（1/5英寸）或以上；材料应在低温下足够柔软。	The pattern should be deep enough, 5 mm (1/5 inch) or more, and the material soft enough in cold temperatures.
有的靴子有鞋钉；也有为湿滑路面设计的、带有鞋钉的扩展装备，适用于大多数鞋子和靴子，能装在鞋跟上，或同时装在鞋跟和鞋底上。	Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole.
鞋跟应该低而宽。道路上经常会撒上细沙、砂石或盐粒（氯化钙），以增加摩擦力。	Heels should be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction.
南设得兰群岛（South Shetland Islands）发现于 1819 年。有几个国家声称拥有该群岛的主权，而且群岛拥有最多的基地，在 2020 年岛上有十六个基地处于使用状态。	South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
该群岛位于南极半岛以北 120 公里处。最大的岛屿是乔治国王岛，这里是“繁星村（Villa Las Estrellas）”的定居点。	The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
其他的包括利文斯顿岛和欺骗岛。在那里，一个仍然活跃的火山口被洪水淹没，提供了一个壮观的天然港口。	Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour.
埃尔斯沃思地 (Ellsworth Land) 位于该半岛的南部，面朝别林斯高晋海 (Bellingshausen Sea)。	Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
半岛上的山脉在这里并入高原，然后重新形成长达 360 公里的埃尔斯沃斯（Ellsworth）山脉，这座山脉被明尼苏达冰川一分为二。	The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
北部，或者说森蒂纳尔岭，拥有南极洲最高的山脉文森山脉，最高峰是 4892 米的文森峰。	The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892 m Mount Vinson.
