异步通讯让人们有时间思考他人的反应并作出反应。	Asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others.
这让学生能够按自己的节奏学习，并控制传授教学信息的节奏。	It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
此外，由于可以实行弹性工作时间，时间上的限制也比较少。（布雷默，1998年）	In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (Bremer, 1998)
学习者可以使用互联网和万维网随时获取信息。	The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
学生也可以在一天中的任何时间把问题提交给老师，并且可以预期得到合理时间内的快速回复，而不用一直等到下一次面谈。	Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting.
实地考察是任何教学活动的重要组成部分。通常，老师会很乐意带学生去那些公交车无法到达的地方。	Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option.
虚拟实地考察是高科技的解决方案。学生可以在课堂上观看博物馆的人工制品，参观水族馆，或者欣赏精美的艺术品。	Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
以虚拟方式分享实地考察，也是回顾行程以及与以后班级分享经验的好办法。	Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
例如，北卡罗莱纳州本尼特学校 ( Bennet School) 的学生每年都会设计一个有关他们的州府之行的网站。网站每年都会重新设计，但是老版本会在线保存，用作剪贴簿。	For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
博客还能帮助学生提高写作能力。尽管学生们开始写博客时，用的语法和拼写往往都很马虎，读者的出现通常会改变这一状况。	Blogs can also help improve student writing. While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
学生往往是最挑剔的读者，所以博客作者开始努力提高写作水平，避免受到批判。	Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism.
此外，写博客也“迫使学生对周遭世界更具洞察力“。为满足观众兴趣，学生们受此鼓舞，变得聪明和有趣起来。	Also blogging "forces students to become more savvy about the world around them." The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004).
写博客是一种能够激发合作的工具，还能鼓励学生把学习延伸到传统的学校授课之外。	Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day.
"适当使用博客，"可以使学生变得更善于分析和进行思辨；通过积极回应网络材料，学生们可以在他人文章的上下文语境中找到自己的立场，并能够针对特定问题提出自己的观点（Oravec, 2002）。"	Appropriate use of blogs "can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002).
