权力的平衡是欧洲国家寻求维护全体欧洲国家国家主权的制度。	The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
这种理念是，所有欧洲国家必须设法阻止某个国家/地区独自变得强大，因此，各国政府为了保持平衡经常更换盟友。	The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance.
西班牙继承权之战标志着第一场以权力平衡为核心问题的战争。	The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
这标志着一个重要的变化，因为欧洲大国将无法再以宗教战争为借口。因此，三十年战争将是最后一场被贴上宗教战争标签的战争。	This marked an important change, as European powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be labeled a religious war.
在欧洲历史上的这段时期，已然富有而强大起来的天主教会受到了密切监督。	During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny.
尽管欧洲各国语言和习俗各不相同，但一千多年来，基督教把它们联系在了一起。	For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs. I
从国王到平民，它遍布十方的力量影响着每一个人。	Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
基督教的主要信条之一是财富应该用来减轻痛苦和贫困，而教会的货币基金就是专门为此而设立的。	One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason.
教会中央集权制在罗马存在了一千多年，这种权力和金钱的集中让许多人开始质疑，他们是否遵守了这一信条。	The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
敌对行动爆发后不久，英国开始对德国实施海上封锁。	Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
他们切断了生死攸关的军事和民用物资供应。事实证明这一战略是有效的，尽管这样的封锁违反了在过去的两个世纪里，根据几项国际协定制定的已为大家普遍接受的国际法。	The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries.
英国在国际水域布雷，防止任何船只进入整片海域，甚至对中立国船只也构成威胁。	Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships.
因为对这一战略的响应有限，德国期望其无限制潜艇战也能有类似的响应。	Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
在 20 世纪 20 年代，大多市民的主流态度是和平主义的、分离主义的。	During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation.
目睹第一次世界大战中的肆虐残暴后，各国都渴望避免重蹈覆辙。	After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future.
在 1789 年 10 月 6 日，受到惊吓的国王路易十六、王后玛丽·安托瓦内特和他们的两个孩子（11 岁的玛丽·特蕾莎和 4 岁的路易斯·查尔斯），以及国王的妹妹伊丽莎白夫人，被一群集市妇女从凡尔赛赶回了巴黎。	The terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette their two young children (11 year old Marie Therese and four year old Louis-Charles) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, on the 6th October 1789 were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women.
他们乘坐马车回到了巴黎，一群人包围了他们，大喊大叫地威胁国王和王后。	In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen.
暴民强迫国王和王后把马车的窗户完全打开。	The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open.
当着吓坏了的女王的面，有一名暴徒一度挥动一颗皇家卫士的头颅，这名卫士是在凡尔赛宫被杀害的。	At one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified Queen.
