在超市购买食物通常是填饱肚子最便宜的方式。如果不具备烹饪条件，就只能选择现成的食物。	Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food.
超市里成品食品的种类越来越多。有些甚至提供微波炉或其他方法用来加热食品。	Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
在某些国家或某些类型的商店，至少有一家餐厅（通常是非正式的）的价格相当实惠。	In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices.
咖啡是全球交易量最大的商品之一，你在家乡很可能可以买到种类繁多的咖啡。	Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region.
尽管如此，世界上还是有许多独特的咖啡饮用方式，这些方式都值得去体验。	Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing.
德国的糕点很不错，巴伐利亚的点心就更加丰富多彩，与他们南边的邻居奥地利很相似。	German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria.
水果点心很常见，苹果全年都能用来做点心，夏天还能吃到樱桃和李子。	Fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer.
许多德国烘焙食品也以杏仁、榛子和其他坚果为特色。受欢迎的蛋糕与浓咖啡往往是绝配。	Many German baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee.
如果你想来点风味浓郁的小点心，可以试试果酱包，这种甜点在不同地区有不同的称呼，如 Berliner、Pfannkuchen、Krapfen。	If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
咖喱饭菜是一道以香草和香料为主的菜肴，并配以肉类或蔬菜。	A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables.
咖喱饭菜既可以是“干”的，也可以是“湿”的，干湿情况取决于水量多少。	A curry can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid.
在印度北部和巴基斯坦的内陆地区，咖喱中常常使用酸奶；而在印度南部和次大陆其他一些沿海地区，则常常使用椰奶。	In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
印度尼西亚有 17,000 个岛屿，因此印尼菜只是一个统称，它涵盖了全国各种各样的地方菜系。	With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation.
但如果没有更多修饰语，这个词往往指的是原产于主岛爪哇岛中部和东部地区的食物。	But, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java.
现在，群岛上到处都能吃到爪哇菜，其中有多款调味方法简单的菜品，而爪哇人喜欢的主要调味料有花生、辣椒、糖（尤其是爪哇椰子糖）和各种香辛料。	Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
