周一，斯坦福大学医学院的科学家宣布，他们发明了一种可以将细胞按类型分类的新型诊断工具：一种可打印的微型芯片。这种芯片可以使用标准喷墨打印机制造，每片价格可能在一美分左右。	On Monday, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one U.S. cent each.
主要研究人员表示，这可以让低收入国家/地区的患者尽早发现癌症、肺结核、艾滋病和疟疾。在这些国家/地区，乳腺癌等疾病的生存率可能仅为富裕国家的一半。	Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries.
为整顿这一局面，爱尔兰政府迫切希望议会推出立法。	The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
“不管是从公共卫生的角度还是刑事司法的角度来看，现在都应当尽快立法。”一位政府发言人说道。	"It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible", said a government spokesperson.
卫生部长对以下两方面表示了关切：利用所涉物质暂时合法性谋取个人利益的人员保障，以及自（现在看来）违宪的修改条例生效以来所作出的与毒品有关的定罪。	The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect.
2007年9月17日，纳迪亚在俄罗斯阿莱克斯的一家妇产科诊所的剖腹产出生，体重达17磅1盎司。	Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce.
“我们都非常震惊，”这位母亲表示。	"We were all simply in shock," the mother stated.
当被问及父亲说了什么时，她回答说：“他什么也说不出来，只是站在那里，眨着眼。”	When asked what the father said, she answered "He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."
李博士还对感染了 H5N1 禽流感病毒的土耳其儿童尚未发病的报道表示关切。	Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
他特别提到一些研究表明，在引发全球性疫情之前，这种疾病必须先降低自身的致命性。	Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
令人担心的是，如果流感症状不明显，患者可能会在日常生活中继续传染更多的人。	There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild.
把你的保险单和保险公司的详细联系方式复印几份并随身携带。	Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
为了咨询、授权和索赔，他们需要出示保险公司的邮箱地址和国际电话号码。	They need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims.
备好一份复印件放在行李中，并在网上另存一份副本（通过电子邮件给自己发送附件，或者存储在“云端”）。	Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the "cloud").
如果旅行时随身携带笔记本电脑或平板电脑，在内存或磁盘中存储一份副本（无需网络也可访问）。	If traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet).
同时将保险合同/联系方式的副本交予旅伴以及归乡后愿意帮忙的亲友手中。	Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
虽然有一种实验性疫苗看似能够降低埃博拉病毒的死亡率，但迄今为止，还没明确证明任何药物适合治疗现有的感染。	While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection.
一种名为 ZMapp 的“抗体鸡尾酒”（多抗体联合）最初有望在该领域发挥作用，但正式研究表明，它在预防死亡方面的效果有些不尽人意。	One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death.
在 PALM 实验中，ZMapp 用作参照。也就是科学家将其作为基线，把其他三种治疗方法与之作比较。	In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it.
托尼·莫尔博士在南非夸祖鲁-纳塔尔省发现了这种广泛耐药结核病 (XDR-TB)。	Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal.
他在一次采访中表示，这个新变种“非常令人不安和担忧，因为它的致死率非常高。”	In an interview, he said the new variant was "very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."
莫尔 (Moll) 博士认为，有些病人可能是在医院感染了病菌，而且至少有两名病人是医院的医护人员。	Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
一年内，一个感染者可能会感染 10 至 15 名密切接触者。	In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
然而，广泛耐药结核病在整个结核病患者群体中所占的比例似乎仍然很低；在南非，在任意特定时刻，总计 33 万人中只有 6000 人感染。	However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa.
7 月下旬报告了本季节的第一批病例。	The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July.
猪携带该疾病，然后通过蚊子传染给人类。	The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos.
这场疫情促使印度政府采取一些措施，比如在严重感染地区放置捕猪器、派发数千个蚊帐并喷洒杀虫剂。	The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides.
政府还承诺提供数百万剂脑炎疫苗，这将有助于医疗机构为明年做好准备。	Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
由于缺乏资金，且与其他疾病相比优先级较低，今年向历史上疫情最严重的地区提供疫苗的计划被推迟了。	Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases.
福禄克写道，一些人试图压制女性对女性健康问题的呼声，但天不遂人愿。	Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful.
她之所以得出这个结论，是因为有许多男女个人发给她积极评价和鼓励，竭力主张将避孕药视为医疗必需品。	She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
医疗慈善机构 Mangola、无国界医生组织和世界卫生组织表示，这是该国有史以来最严重的疫情。	The medical charity Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
无国界医生组织的发言人理查德·维尔曼 (Richard Veerman) 说：“安哥拉正面临有史以来最严重的疫情，当地的局势仍然非常糟糕。”	Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: "Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola," he said.
周一，法国东部里昂附近的沼泽内发现了一只死野鸭。经证实，这只野鸭感染了对人类致命的 H5N1 型禽流感病毒。	The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France.
在奥地利、德国、斯洛文尼亚、保加利亚、希腊和意大利之后，法国是第七个深受这种病毒之苦的欧盟国家。	France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
克罗地亚和丹麦的 H5N1 疑似病例仍未确诊。	Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
汉密尔顿（Hamilton）确认，霍华德大学医院收治的病人情况稳定。	Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
这名患者曾去过尼日利亚，当地曾出现数宗埃博拉病毒的病例。	The patient had been to Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred.
医院遵循了感染控制规定，包括把患者与他人隔离，以防感染到其他人。	The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others.
