韩文字母是唯一一个特意发明供日常使用的字母表，是于 1444 年世宗皇帝（1418 - 1450）统治时期所发明的。	Hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
世宗大王为朝鲜王朝的第四任君主，也是最受推崇的君主之一。	King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
他最初将韩语字母发音表命名为“训民正音”，意思是“用于教导人民的正确发音”。	He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means "the correct sounds for the instruction of the people".
关于梵语的起源有很多说法。其中之一是雅利安人从西方移民到印度，将自己的语言带到这里。	There are many theories to how Sanskrit came into existence. One of them is about an Aryan migration from the west into India who brought their language with them.
梵语是一种古老的语言，能与欧洲的拉丁语相媲美。	Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe.
世界上已知最早的书是用梵文写的。《奥义书》编撰完成后，梵文由于等级制度的原因逐渐消失。	The earliest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of Upanishads, Sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy.
梵语是一种博大精深的语言，也是许多现代印度语的起源，就像拉丁语是法语和西班牙语等欧洲语言的起源一样。	Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like French and Spanish.
对于说印地语的人口数，有不同的说法。据估计，印地语是世界上第二到第四最常用的语言。	There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
母语人数取决于紧密相关的方言是否计算在内。	The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
据估计，会说这种语言的人数量范围在 3.4 亿到 5 亿之间，而能听懂这种语言的人则多达 8 亿。	Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language.
印度语和乌尔都语有着相似的词汇，但文字的书写方式不同；在日常对话中，这两种语言通常可以交流互通。	Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other.
15 世纪前后，爱沙尼亚北部深受德国文化的影响。	Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
一些德国修道士想让上帝更接近本国人，所以他们发明了爱沙尼亚文字语言。	Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language.
它是在德语字母表中加了一个字母“Õ/õ”。	It was based on the German alphabet and one character "Õ/õ" was added.
随着时间的推移，许多德语外来词与原有词汇合并。这就是启蒙运动的开始。	As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment.
