2008 年 11 月 26 日，孟买袭击者带着手榴弹和自动武器乘船抵达。他们袭击了多个目标，包括人群密集的查特拉帕蒂·希瓦吉 (Chhatrapati Shivaji) 火车站和著名的泰姬陵酒店。	The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel.
戴维·黑德利（David Headley）的侦察和情报搜集工作，促使巴基斯坦激进组织虔诚军（Laskhar-e-Taiba）的 10 名枪手发动这次行动。	David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
这次袭击事件给印巴关系造成了巨大压力。	The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
2009 年，她被授予全国年度校长称号。	In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
在她荣获此头衔之际，亚特兰大的学校在考试成绩上有了很大的提高。	At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores.
此后不久，《亚特兰大宪法报》发表了一份报告，指出了检测结果存在的问题。	Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results.
报告显示，考试成绩提升速度快得令人难以置信，并称学校内部发现了问题，但没有根据这一发现采取行动。	The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings.
此后的证据表明试卷被篡改过，霍尔 (Hall) 和其他 34 名教育官员因此在 2013 年被起诉。	Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013.
修正议案在 2011 年就在两院通过了。	The proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011.
本次的立法会议进行了一处修改，先是众议院删除了其中的第二句话语，随后参议院在周一如法炮制，使其获准通过。	A change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the House of Representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the Senate Monday.
禁止同性民事结合的第二个语句未能通过，这可能会为未来的同性婚姻打开大门。	The failure of the second sentence, which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions, could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future.
在这一过程之后，下一届选举产生的立法机构，将在 2015 年或 2016 年再次审查 HJR-3 决议，确保它持续贯彻执行。	Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process.
阿姆斯特丹市政府和安妮·弗兰克博物馆 (Anne Frank Museum) 的官员表示，这棵树感染了一种真菌，并会对公众健康造成威胁，因为据称它随时都有倒下的危险。	Officials for the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over.
按照原计划，它将在周二被砍倒，但在法庭紧急裁决后幸免遇难。	It had been scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling.
钱伯斯曾起诉上帝，称其应对“地球上数十亿居民中到处可见的死亡、破坏和恐怖”负责。	Chambers had sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."
钱伯斯是个不可知论者，他认为自己的诉讼是“随意的”，“任何人都可以起诉任何人”。	Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and "anybody can sue anybody."
