参与了几十年的人士帮助我们认识到自己的长处和热情所在，同时坦诚地评估困难，甚至是失败。	Individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures.
在听取别人分享他们个人、家庭和组织的故事时，我们对过去以及一些对组织文化有或好或坏影响的人物有了宝贵的认识。	While listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization.
虽然理解历史并不意味着理解文化，但至少可以帮助人们了解自己在组织历史中的位置。	While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization.
在总结成功和失败时，个人和所有参与者会对组织的价值观、使命和驱动力有更深刻的认识。	While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization.
在这种情况下，回顾之前的创业行为和取得的成功可以帮助人们对当地教会的新变化和新方向保持开放的态度。	In this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church.
这样的成功故事让人们对变化的恐惧感减轻了，同时为未来的变革营造出正面的倾向。	Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future.
后现代主义学习方法给人带来绝对的自由。并没有一种学习方法是好的学习方法。	The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn.
事实上，没有任何事情需要特意学习。在学习者体验到知识呈现的时候，学习的行为就发生了。	In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented.
目前我们对所有以 DIY 、展示信息以及以学习为主要内容的电视节目的体验，都说明了这一点。	Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point.
我们中有很多人，都发现自己观看的电视节目在告诉我们某种过程或经验，但我们却永远不会参与或应用这些知识。	So many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge.
我们永远不会对汽车进行大修，不会在后院建喷泉，不会去秘鲁考察古代遗迹，也不会改造邻居的房子。	We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
为什么一个组织要花这么长时间来建立学习型组织呢？将组织学习的概念付诸实践的目标之一就是创新。	Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
当所有可用的资源在一个组织的职能部门之间得到有效利用时，创造力和独创性就会发生。	When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire.
因此，一个组织在共同努力克服障碍的过程中，往往会带来新的创新流程，以满足客户的需求。	As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need.
在组织能够创新前，领导必须创造出一种创新文化，分享知识，并进行有组织的学习。	Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning.
《天使》(2006) 将连续体方案解释为可以帮助组织达到更高绩效水平的一种方法。	Angel (2006), explains the Continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance.
