维京人利用俄罗斯水路到达黑海和里海。其中一些路线至今仍可通行。确认一下是否需要特殊许可证，这些许可证可能很难申请。	Vikings used the Russian waterways to get to the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Parts of these routes can still be used. Check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get.
白令海峡经由奥内加湖（Lake Onega）、拉多加湖（Lake Ladoga）和圣彼得堡（Saint Petersburg）连接北冰洋和波罗的海，连接处多数是河流和湖泊。	The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes.
奥内加湖 (Lake Onega) 也与伏尔加河 (Volga) 连接，因此可能可以从里海 (Caspian Sea) 经俄罗斯到达这里。	Lake Onega is also connected to Volga, so coming from the Caspian Sea through Russia is still possible.
请放心，在到达码头后，一切都会顺其自然。你会遇到其他要搭便船的人，他们会与你分享信息。	Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you.
基本上，你可以张贴告示，告知他人你可以提供帮助、在码头上来回走动、接触正在清理游艇的人或酒吧里的水手等等。	Basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc.
试着和尽可能多的人聊天。过一段时间，每个人都会认识你，他们会提示你哪条船在找人。	Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
芬兰是绝佳的帆船运动圣地， 素有“千湖之乡”的美誉 ，在其湖泊和沿海群岛范围内也含有数千座岛屿。	Finland is a great boating destination. The "Land of a thousand lakes" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
在群岛和湖泊之中，游艇并不是必需的。	In the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
沿海群岛和最大的几个湖泊的大小足以容纳任何游艇，不过较小的船只甚至皮划艇能带来不同的体验。	Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
划船是芬兰的一项全国性消遣活动，每七八个人里就有一艘船。	Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people.
挪威、瑞典和新西兰也有类似的情况，但在其他方面很是独特（例如，在荷兰，这个数字是一比四十）。	This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty).
大多数典型的波罗的海游轮都会在俄罗斯圣彼得堡逗留较长时间。	Most of the distinct Baltic Cruises feature an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia.
这意味着可以有好几天完整时间来参观这座历史悠久的城市，然后晚上回到船上睡觉。	This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
如果只是在乘船游览的情况下登岸，则不需要单独的签证（规定截至 2009 年）。	If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
有些邮轮在宣传手册上以德国柏林为亮点。正如从上面地图中看到的那样，柏林并没有靠近大海的地方，而且游船价格并不包括游览这座城市的费用。	Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
