马鲁基多尔 (Maroochydore) 已经遥遥领先，以六分的优势领先第二名的努沙 (Noosa)。	Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second.
双方在主要的半决赛中较量。努萨以 11 分的优势获胜。	The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
马鲁基多尔 (Maroochydore) 随后在预决赛中击败了卡布尔彻 (Caboolture)。	Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final.
出于对新冠疫情的担忧，美国国家篮球协会 (NBA) 周三暂停了职业篮球赛季。	On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19.
犹他爵士队的一名球员新冠肺炎病毒检测呈阳性，NBA 随即做出了这项决定。	The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
比赛结束后，凯塞洛斯基以 2,250 分的成绩，继续在车手积分榜上高居榜首。	Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points.
约翰逊落后 7 分，以 2243 分排名第二。	Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243.
哈姆林落后二十分，是第三名，但领先鲍耶五分。卡纳 (Kahne) 和小楚克斯 (Truex, Jr.) 分别以 2,220 和 2,207 分位列第五和第六。	In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points.
斯图尔特、戈登 、肯塞斯和哈维克在本赛季还剩四场比赛的情况下，进入车手积分榜前十名。	Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season.
比赛于上午 10 点开始。天气很好，上午有毛毛雨，很快就放晴了。这样的天气对七人制橄榄球来说十分完美。	The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
锦标赛头号种子南非队开局不错，他们以 26 - 00 轻松战胜了 5 号种子赞比亚队。	Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia.
在与南方姐妹队的比赛中，南非队看起来明显有点生疏，但随着比赛的进行，南非队的表现稳步改进。	Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed.
他们因其严格防守、控球技术和出色的团队合作脱颖而出。很显然，这是一支无往不胜的球队。	Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
在南非勒斯滕堡（Rustenburg）皇家巴福肯体育场举行的英式橄榄球联盟三国赛中，南非队击败了全黑队（新西兰）。	South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
最后结果是一分险胜，比分为 21 比 20，结束了全黑队连胜 15 场的局面。	The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak.
跳羚队以五连败收官。	For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak.
全黑队在两周前已经赢得了奖杯，而这场比赛是他们打的最后一场。	It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
该系列赛的最后一场比赛将于下周在约翰内斯堡 (Johannesburg) 的埃利斯公园举行，届时斯普林博克斯 (Springboks) 将迎战澳大利亚队。	The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia.
