三个赛季前，28岁的比达尔（Vidal）从塞维利亚队加盟巴萨。	28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla.
自从转会到加泰罗尼亚的首府球队，维达尔已经为俱乐部踢了 49 场比赛。	Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club.
纳达尔（Nadal）与加拿大人的交手记录是 7-2。	Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
不久前，他在布里斯班公开赛上败于拉奥尼奇。	He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open.
纳达尔（Nadal ）在比赛中把 88% 的净胜分收入囊中，在第一个发球局赢得 76 分。	Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
赛后，红土之王拉斐尔·纳达尔称：“我很开心重返能这项重大赛事的决赛，我会尽全力争取夺冠。”	After the match, King of Clay said, "I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."
今日最佳选手是来自华盛顿首都队的亚历克斯·奥韦奇金。	Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
在华盛顿队以 5-3 的比分战胜亚特兰大鸫鸟队的比赛中，他贡献了 2 个进球和 2 次助攻。	He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
奥韦奇金（Ovechkin）当晚的第一个助攻，来自新秀尼克拉斯·贝克斯特伦 (Nicklas Backstrom) 的制胜一球;	Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
他当晚的第二个进球是他本赛季的第60个进球，成为自1995-96赛季以来首位在一个赛季中打进60个或更多进球的球员——在1995-96赛季，亚罗米尔·雅格和马里奥·拉缪都达到了这一里程碑。	his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone.
今天，A1GP 新西兰队副驾驶约翰·里德 (Jonny Reid) 在合法驾驶的情况下，成为在有 48 年历史的新西兰奥克兰海港大桥上行驶最快的人，从而创造了历史。	Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally.
瑞德先生最终驾驶新西兰 A1GP 汽车“黑美人”，以超过 160 千米每小时的速度七次穿过桥梁。	Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge.
由于“黑美人”的底盘过低，新西兰警方没法用测速雷达枪来检测里德先生的车速。警方唯一一次成功检测到里德先生的车速，是在他将车速降到 160 公里/小时的时候。	The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h.
今天早些时候，贾克 (Jarque) 在意大利科维尔恰诺 (Coverciano) 进行季前赛训练。在周日与博洛尼亚队 (Bolonia) 对阵之前，他在球队的酒店里下榻。	Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
他当时正在球队的酒店下榻，为星期天迎战博洛尼亚队做准备。	He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
在赢得一级方程式赛车锦标赛 (Formula 1) 总冠军七次后于 2006 年退役的名将舒马赫 (Schumacher)，将接替受伤的菲利佩·马萨 (Felipe Massa)。	Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa.
这位巴西选手在 2009 年匈牙利大奖赛期间发生车祸，头部严重受伤。	The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
马萨 (Massa) 至少在 2009 赛季的其余比赛中都不会出场。	Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
高尔夫球和英式橄榄球都将再次回归，成为奥运会正式比赛项目。	Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
今天，国际奥委会在柏林举行执行理事会会议，会上投票决定了要纳入的体育项目。橄榄球（更确切地说，联合会式橄榄球）以及高尔夫击败了其他五项运动，被选定为奥运会的参赛项目。	The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics.
壁球、空手道和旱冰运动以及棒球和垒球都曾试图进入奥林匹克项目，而后两个项目在 2005 年落选了。	Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005.
这项投票还必须于 10 月份在哥本哈根举行的会议上得到 IOC 全体成员的批准。	The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen.
并非所有人都支持女性参赛。	Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
2004 年奥运会银牌得主阿米尔·可汗（Amir Khan）表示：“在内心深处，我认为女人不应该参加比赛。这是我的观点。”	2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, "Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."
尽管他如此评说，他表示会支持英国选手参加伦敦主办的 2012 年奥运会。	Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London.
21 岁的杰西（Jesus）于 2017 年 1 月从巴西的帕尔梅拉斯足球俱乐部加盟曼城，据报道其转会费为 2700 万英镑。	21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
从那以后，这位巴西人代表该俱乐部参加了全部比赛中的 53 场，并打进了 24 球。	Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
日本柔道选手、两枚奥运会金牌得主齐藤仁 (Hitoshi Saito) 逝世，享年 54 岁。	Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
宣布的死因是肝内胆管癌。	The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
周二，他在大阪去世。	He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
作为前奥运冠军和世界冠军的齐藤仁，在去世前担任全日本柔道联盟训练委员会主席。	As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
博贝克出生于克罗地亚首都萨格勒布，在为贝尔格莱德游击队足球俱乐部效力时成名。	Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade.
他于 1945 年加入球队，一直效力到 1958 年。	He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
在该球队效力期间，他出场 468 次攻入 403 球。	During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances.
没有人比博贝克 (Bobek) 的出场次数更多、为俱乐部进球得分更多的了。	No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
1995 年，他当选为游击队史上最佳球员。	In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history.
世界著名的太阳马戏团上演了一场特别表演，为庆祝活动拉开了序幕。	The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
紧随其后的是伊斯坦布尔国家交响乐团 (Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra)、一支禁卫军乐队以及歌手法提赫·埃尔科克 (Fatih Erkoc) 和穆斯林·古尔斯 (Muslum Gurses)。	It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
然后，旋转的苦行僧出现在舞台上。	Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage.
土耳其歌剧女歌唱家茜泽·阿克苏 （Sezen Aksu）与意大利男高音亚历山德罗·沙费纳（Alessandro Safina）和希腊歌手哈里斯·阿莱克修（Haris Alexiou）同台表演。	Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
作为压轴，土耳其舞蹈团”安纳托利亚之火“表演了节目《特洛伊》。	To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show "Troy".
溪降时要进入峡谷的底部，峡谷可以是干涸的，也可以有很深的水。	Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water.
溪降结合了游泳、爬山和跳跃的元素——但只需要相对较少的训练和体能基础就可以入门（和攀岩、水肺潜水、高山滑雪等相比）。	Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example).
远足是指在自然环境中（通常是在远足步道上）行走的户外活动。	Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
单日徒步是指一天内走完的行程，行程距离可低至少于一英里。	Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
沿着一条平缓的小径远足一天几乎不需要什么准备，并且任何人只要身体不算差，都可以享受远足的乐趣。	For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them.
有小孩的家庭可能需要做更多的准备，但即使带着婴儿和学龄前儿童，在户外待一天也不难。	Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children.
全球有近 200 个跑步旅游组织，大多独立运营。	Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently.
全球跑步之旅 (Global Running Tours) 的接替者 Go Running Tours 把四大洲数十个观光跑运营商连接起来。	The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents.
这个组织起源于巴塞罗那的“巴塞罗那跑步之旅”（Running Tours Barcelona ）组织和哥本哈根的“哥本哈根跑步”（Running Copenhagen）组织，很快布拉格的“布拉格跑步之旅”（ Running Tours Prague）及其他地区的组织也加入其中。	With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others.
美国体操协会对美国奥委会的信函表示支持，并接受奥运会大家庭的严格要求，即为所有运动员营造一个安全的训练环境。	USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
我们同意美国奥委会的声明，与其吊销执照，不如在我们组织内部继续推进有意义的变革，可能更有利于维护运动员和俱乐部的利益及其运动。	We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification.
根据美国体操协会支持的一项独立调查，我们也许能够得知，幸存者勇敢曝光的、拉里·纳萨尔的大规模性侵行为，为什么在这么长时间内都没有被发现。此外，协会还表示会做出必要和适当的整改。	USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes.
美国体操协会和美国奥委会有一个共同的目标，那就是尽可能保证体操运动和其他运动的安全性，让运动员在安全、积极和充满支持的环境中追求他们的梦想。	USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment.
罗宾·乌萨帕 (Robin Uthappa) 取得了本局的最高分，投出了 11 个四分球和 2 个六分球，仅投出 41 个球便赢得 70 分。	Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
中局击球手萨钦·坦杜尔卡和拉胡尔·德拉维德表现出色，搭档取得了 100 跑的成绩。	Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership.
但在队长输掉三柱门后，印度在结束这一局的比赛时只得了 36 分，输掉 7 个三柱门。	But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
由于一天只颁发十八块奖牌，许多国家的运动员未能登上领奖台。	With only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium.
与奖牌无缘的运动员包括荷兰的安娜·乔彻姆森，她在昨天的女子站姿超级大回转比赛中获得第九名，芬兰的卡特娅·萨里宁则在同一比赛中获得第十名。	They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
澳大利亚选手米切尔·古尔力获得男子站姿超级大回转比赛第十一名。捷克选手奥德里奇·耶利内克获得男子坐姿超级大回转比赛第十六名。	Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G.
墨西哥选手拉利·委拉斯开兹在男子坐姿超级大回转比赛中获得第 15 名的成绩。新西兰选手亚当·霍尔在男子站姿超级大回转比赛中获得第 9 名的成绩。	Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
波兰男子视障滑雪选手马切吉·克雷泽尔（Maciej Krezel ）和向导安娜·奥加津斯卡（Anna Ogarzynska）在超级大回转比赛中获得第十三名，韩国选手朴钟硕（Jong Seork Park）在男子坐式超级大回转比赛中获得第二十四名。	Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
双方都保住了各自的每个发球局，之后穆雷在抢七局中输掉了第一盘。	Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
德尔·波特罗（Del Potro）在第二盘刚开局时就占上风，但在比分达到 6-6 后就得进行抢七大战。	Del Potro had the early advantage in the second set, but this too required a tie break after reaching 6-6.
此时波特罗接受了肩膀治疗，但仍坚持继续比赛。	Potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game.
詹卡洛·费斯切拉因失去了对赛车的把控，在比赛开始后不久就退出了。	Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
他的队友费尔南多·阿隆索（Fernando Alonso）在比赛中的绝大多数时间里都处于领先地位，但却在进站后就退出了比赛，大概是因为其右前轮实在塞得厉害。	His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel.
迈克尔·舒马赫在阿隆索退赛后不久也退出了比赛，因为在比赛的多次竞逐中，悬架受到了损伤。	Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race.
除了周三的比赛，卡帕内多（Carpanedo）还参加了锦标赛的两项个人竞赛。	Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships.
她的第一个项目是障碍滑雪，并在第一回合以“未完成”的成绩结束比赛。该比赛 116 名参赛者中有 36 人取得了相同的成绩。	Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
她的另一项比赛是大回转，在女子站姿组中以 4:41.30 分钟的总成绩名列第十，比排名第一的奥地利选手克劳迪娅·罗什慢了 2:11.60 分钟，比排名第九的匈牙利选手巩基·达尼慢了 1:09.02 分钟。	Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher Austrian Claudia Loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
女子坐式组的四名滑雪选手未能完赛，大回转项目（Giant Slalom）的 117 名选手中有 45 人未能挤进榜单。	Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race.
其他摔跤选手也纷纷悼念露娜 (Luna) 。	Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
汤米·追梦儿说：“露娜是首位至尊女王，我的第一任经理人。露娜在双月之夜去世。这样的夜晚就像她本人一样特别。她是个坚强的女人。”	Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman."
达斯汀·鲁内尔斯（Dustin Runnels，外号“金沙”）评论说：“卢娜和我一样难以捉摸……她可能要更难摸透……我爱她，也会想她……希望她去到了更好的地方。”	Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."
这位奥运会金牌得主本应参加 100 米和 200 米自由泳和英联邦运动会的三项接力赛，但由于他的抱怨，他的健康状况一直受到质疑。	The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt.
他一直无法用药物来缓解疼痛，因为比赛禁止参赛者服用这些药物。	He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games.
没有增设额外的交通工具，地上火车在温布利 (Wembley) 也不停站，地上也没有停车场和停车换乘设施。	No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground.
由于担心缺乏交通工具，比赛可能会被迫在没有球队支持者的情况下闭门进行。	Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
马镫悬挂在马鞍两侧，用来支撑骑手的双脚。	Stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle.
它们为骑手提供了更好的稳定性，但也有安全隐患，因为骑手的脚可能会卡住。	They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them.
如果骑手从马上被甩下来，但有一只脚卡在马镫上，那么马在奔跑时可能会拖着他走。为了将这种风险降至最低，可以采取一些预防措施。	If a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken.
首先，大多数骑马人会穿带跟马靴，而且鞋底光滑及相当狭窄。	First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole.
其次，一些马鞍——尤其是英式马鞍——配有安全扣，如果落马的骑手向后拉，马镫皮带就会从马鞍上掉下来。	Next, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider.
智利首选登山目的地科茶莫山谷 (Cochamó Valley) 被称为南美洲的优胜美地 (Yosemite)，这里有各式各样的花岗岩大石壁和峭壁。	Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags.
从山峰望去有着令人惊叹的壮丽景色。 来自世界各地的登山者在其绵延不断可作为攀援墙的峭壁上不断开拓新路线。	Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls.
高山滑雪运动包括普通滑雪和雪板滑雪，是非常受欢迎的运动，在这项运动中，滑雪板或滑雪单板会固定在您的双脚上，从白雪覆盖的地形上滑下来。	Downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
滑雪是许多滑雪爱好者的主要旅游活动，这些爱好者有时也被称为“滑雪狂人”，他们计划整个假期都在某个地点滑雪。	Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as "ski bums," planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location.
滑雪这个想法由来已久——绘有滑雪者的洞穴壁画，年份可以追溯到公元前 5000 年！	The idea of skiing is very old — cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC!
作为一项运动，高山滑雪至少可以追溯到 17 世纪，1861年，挪威人在澳大利亚开设了第一家休闲滑雪俱乐部。	Downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
滑雪自由行：这项活动也叫越野滑雪、滑雪旅游或滑雪远足。	Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking.
这项活动与阿尔卑斯式滑雪旅行或登山运动相关，但通常不会进行这两项活动。这两项活动要在陡峭的地形上进行，而且需要更硬的滑雪板和靴子。	It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots.
把滑雪路线想象成类似的徒步路线。	Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
条件良好的时候，你可以比步行走得更远——但只有在极少数情况下，你才能获得与不背着沉重背包、在平整的轨道上越野滑雪相同的速度。	In good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat greater distances than walking – but only very seldom you will get the speeds of cross country skiing without a heavy backpack in groomed tracks.
