多亏有了与欧洲相连的海底光缆和宽带卫星，格陵兰网络连接畅通，93% 的人口接入了互联网。	Thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to Europe and broadband satellite, Greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access.
你的酒店或房东（如果住在民宿或私人民宅）可能配有 wifi 或可联网的电脑。所有安置点都有一家网吧或有公共 wifi 的地方。	Your hotel or hosts (if staying in a guesthouse or private home) will likely have wifi or an internet connected PC, and all settlements have an internet cafe or some location with public wifi.
正如上文所提，虽然“爱斯基摩人”这个词在美国仍然可以接受，但北极地区的许多非美籍人士，尤其是对加拿大人来说，他们都认为这个词带有贬义含义。	As mentioned above, though the word "Eskimo" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada.
尽管你可能会听到格陵兰本地人用这个词，但外国人应该避免使用。	While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners.
在加拿大，格陵兰岛的土著居民称自己为因纽特人，在格陵兰岛则称自己为 Kalaalleq（复数为 Kalaallit），也就是“格陵兰人”的意思。	The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland.
在格陵兰岛，针对外国人的犯罪和恶意行为总体来说几乎闻所未闻。即使在城镇里，也没有 “犯罪高发区”。	Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no "rough areas."
严寒也许是没有准备的人将面临的唯一真正的危险。	Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
如果你在寒冷的季节到访格陵兰岛（记住越往北走越冷），一定要带够保暖衣物。	If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing.
夏季漫长的白昼会导致睡眠不足和相关健康问题。	The very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues.
在夏季，也要注意北欧的蚊子。虽然这些蚊子不会传播任何疾病，但它们可能会让人感到不适。	During the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating.
旧金山的经济与自身是世界级旅游胜地这一点有关，但旧金山的经济却是多元化的。	While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified.
就业最多的部门包括专业服务业、政府、金融、贸易和旅游业。	The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism.
它经常出现在音乐、电影、文学和流行文化中，使得这座城市及其地标闻名于世。	Its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world.
旧金山开发了一个规模庞大的旅游基础设施，内设多家酒店、餐厅和一流的会议场所。	San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities.
旧金山也是在美国品尝韩国菜、泰国菜、印度菜和日本菜等其他亚洲菜的好去处。	San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese.
对许多美国家庭来说，去迪斯尼乐园游玩是一场盛大的活动。	Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families.
这一“典型”的游玩过程包括飞往奥兰多国际机场，乘车前往迪士尼园区酒店，在迪士尼游玩大约一周的时间，然后回家。	The "typical" visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home.
迪士尼的玩法有无数种，但对大多数人来说，“去迪士尼乐园”就是这个意思。	There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of "going to Disney World".
许多在 eBay 或 Craigslist 等拍卖网站上出售的门票都是部分使用过的多日通票。	Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets.
虽然这是一种很常见的行为，但迪士尼却禁止这样做：门票是不可转让的。	While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable.
需要获得野营许可证才可以在大峡谷边缘的下方露营。	Any camping below the rim in Grand Canyon requires a backcountry permit.
为了保护大峡谷，许可证限量发放。按启程月份算起提前四个月，在该月的第一天开始发放。	Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month.
因此，如果启程日期为 5 月，野地露营许可证将在 1 月 1 日发放。	Thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in May becomes available on 1 Jan.
最受欢迎的区域比如幽灵牧场 (Phantom Ranch) 附近的光明天使 (Bright Angel) 露营地，通常在第一天开放预订时就会收到满额预订申请。	Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations.
对于未经预约的到访，许可证的预留数量有限，并按先到先得的原则提供许可证。	There are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis.
南部非洲非常适合开车旅行，游客既可以欣赏该地区的所有美景，又可以到达常规旅游路线之外的地方。	Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
只要细心规划，普通汽车就能做到，但强烈建议使用四驱汽车，而且许多地方只有大轴距四驱汽车才能通过。	This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4.
规划期间，请记住，虽然南部非洲处于稳定状态，但并非所有邻国亦然。	Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
签证要求和费用因国家/地区而异，并会受到你的国籍的影响。	Visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from.
每个国家/地区都立有专门法律，对务必放在车内的紧急物品进行了规定。	Each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car.
维多利亚瀑布镇是津巴布韦西部的一个小镇，与赞比亚的利文斯通接壤，靠近博茨瓦纳。	Victoria Falls is a town in the western portion of Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana.
该镇紧邻瀑布，瀑布是主要的景点，但这个热门的旅游目的地为探险者和观光者提供了可以久住的大量机会。	The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay.
在雨季（11 月至 3 月），水量会更高，瀑布也更加湍急。	In the rainy season (November to March), the water volume will be higher and the Falls will be more dramatic.
如果你过桥或沿着瀑布附近蜿蜒的小径走，肯定会被弄湿。	You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls.
另一方面，恰恰因为水量太大，视线会被水挡住，看不到完整的瀑布！	On the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual Falls will be obscured—by all the water!
图坦卡蒙墓 (KV62)。 KV62 可能是山谷中最著名的墓葬。霍华德·卡特在 1922 年发现了这位年轻国王近乎完整的皇家墓葬。	Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king.
但与大多数其他皇家陵墓相比，图坦卡蒙陵墓几乎不值得参观，因为它的规模要小得多，装饰也平淡无奇。	Compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of Tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration.
如果有人想着去看这具木乃伊从棺材中移出来时受到损坏，那么这些人可要大失所望了，因为大家只能看到木乃伊的头部和肩膀。	Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
古墓里的巨额财富已不在墓中，而是转移到了开罗的埃及博物馆。	The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
时间有限的游客最好选择其他去处。	Visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere.
格罗姆寺位于暹粒市西南 12 公里处。这座山顶寺庙建于 9 世纪末耶输跋摩国王统治时期。	Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman.
寺庙阴郁的氛围和洞里萨湖（Tonle Sap）的景色，让人感到爬到山顶是值得的。	The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
参观景点时，还可以顺便乘船游湖。	A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake.
需要购买吴哥门票才能进入圣殿，所以前往洞里萨湖（Tonle Sap）时别忘了带上护照。	The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap.
耶路撒冷是以色列的首都和最大城市，尽管大多数的其他国家/地区和联合国都不承认耶路撒冷是以色列的首都。	Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital.
坐落于犹太山丘 （Judean Hills） 上的这座古城，引人入胜的历史长达几千年之久。	The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
这座城市是三大一神宗教——犹太教、基督教和伊斯兰教的圣地，是一个真正的精神、宗教和文化中心。	The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center.
耶路撒冷（尤其是老城的许多场所）的宗教意义使这座城成为以色列主要旅游目的地之一。	Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel.
耶路撒冷不仅有许多历史、考古和文化遗址，还有充满活力、人头涌涌的购物中心、咖啡馆和餐馆。	Jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants.
厄瓜多尔规定：古巴公民必须在收到邀请函后，才能通过国际机场或边境口岸进入厄瓜多尔。	Ecuador requires that Cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering Ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points.
该函必须经厄瓜多尔外交部批准，并符合某些要求。	This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements.
这些要求是为了在两国之间实现有条不紊的移居而设计的。	These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
持有美国绿卡的古巴公民应访问厄瓜多尔领事馆获得对此要求的豁免。	Cuban citizens who are US green card holders should visit an Ecuadorian Consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement.
你的护照离出发日期应至少有 6 个月，而且需要一张往返/联程机票来证明你的停留时间。	Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. A round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
旅游对人数较多的旅行团来说比较便宜。如果你独自一人或只有一个朋友同行，不妨试着认识其他人，组建 4 到 6 人的旅行团，这样可以获得更优惠的人均价格。	Tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate.
不过，也有一点要担心的地方，因为游客经常被运过来运过去以把汽车坐满。	However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
这实际上更像是一种骗人的方式，让人们以为他们必须支付更多的钱。	It seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more.
高耸于马丘比丘北端的这座陡峭的山峰，常常会成为许多遗址照片的背景。	Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu is this steep mountain, often the backdrop to many photos of the ruins.
从下面往上看有点吓人，而且是陡峭而艰难的上坡路，但大多数身体状况良好的人应该能在 45 分钟内完成。	It looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes.
小径的大部分路段都铺设了石阶；在较陡的部分还有钢缆作为支撑的扶手。	Stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail.
据说会让人喘不过气来，还有在陡峭的地方要小心谨慎，特别是天气潮湿时，情况有可能很快变得很危险。	That said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly.
必须穿过靠近顶部的一个很低、很狭窄的小洞。	There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze.
要游览加拉帕戈斯群岛的景点和野生动植物，最好的交通方式就是乘船。查尔斯·达尔文在 1835 年就是乘船游览此地的。	Seeing the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is best done by boat, just as Charles Darwin did it in 1835.
超过 60 艘游船在加拉帕戈斯群岛（Galapagos）水域定期往返——这些游船的体量从可承载 8 人到 100 人不等。	Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
多数人很早就提前订好位置（因为船在旺季通常会客满）。	Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season).
一定要确保你预订行程的代理是一位对各种船只拥有丰富知识的加拉帕戈斯群岛（Galapagos）专家。	Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
这能确保你的某项兴趣和/或约束条件能与最适合他们的船只相互匹配。	This will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them.
在 16 世纪西班牙人到来之前，智利北部受印加统治，而土著阿拉可尼人（Araucanians）（即马普切人）则居住于智利中部和南部。	Before the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern Chile was under Inca rule while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited central and southern Chile.
马普切人也是最后独立的美洲原住民部落之一。直到智利独立后，才完全归入西班牙语系统治者的统治下。	The Mapuche were also one of the last independent American indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into Spanish-speaking rule until after Chile's independence.
尽管智利在1810年宣布独立（在拿破仑战争期间，西班牙在数年中没有正常运作的中央政府），但直到1818年才取得对西班牙的决定性胜利。	Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818.
多米尼加共和国（西班牙语：República Dominicana）是一个加勒比国家，地处伊斯帕尼奥拉岛的东半部分，该岛分属多米尼加与海地两国	The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti
除了拥有白色沙滩和山地景观，该国还是美洲地区最古老的欧洲风格城市的所在地，如今成为了圣多明各的其中一部分。	Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo.
泰诺人 (Taínos) 和加勒比人 (Caribes) 最先来到这个岛上定居。加勒比人是讲阿拉瓦克语 (Arawakan) 的民族，大约于公元前 10000 年来到这里。	The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and Caribes. The Caribes were an Arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 BCE.
在欧洲探险者到来后的短短几年里，西班牙征服者就大大削减了泰诺斯的人口	Within a few short years following the arrival of European explorers, the population of Tainos had significantly been reduced by the Spanish conquerors
根据《Fray Bartolomé de las Casas》（Tratado de las Indias），1492 年至 1498 年间，西班牙侵略者杀害了约 100,000 台诺人。	Based on Fray Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias) between 1492 and 1498 the Spanish conquerors killed around 100,000 Taínos.
联盟花园 (Jardín de la Unión)。这里曾是一座 17 世纪修道院的中庭，其中的圣地亚哥圣殿是唯一现存的建筑。	Jardín de la Unión. This space was built as the atrium for a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the sole surviving building.
现在这里成为了中心广场，昼夜都热闹繁忙。	It now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night.
花园周围有许多餐馆，在下午和晚上，中央凉亭经常会有免费演唱会。	There are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo.
Callejon del Beso（亲吻小巷）。两个相隔仅 69 厘米的阳台是一个古老的爱情传说发生的地方。	Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend.
只要给一点点钱，你就能让一些孩子讲这个故事。	For a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
宝云岛是适合一日游或周末游的人气目的地，当地提供皮划艇、徒步旅行、商店、餐馆等旅游项目和服务。	Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more.
这个真正意义上的社区位于温哥华附近的豪湾，乘坐从温哥华市中心格兰维尔岛出发的定期水上出租车，就能轻松抵达。	This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver.
对那些喜欢户外活动的人来说，必然会徒步登上 Sea to Sky。	For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sea to Sky corridor is essential.
因举办了 2010 年冬奥会，惠斯勒（距温哥华 1.5 小时车程）价格高昂，但却闻名遐迩。	Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
在冬季，享受北美一些最好的滑雪场地；在夏季，尝试一些真正的山地自行车骑行。	In the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in North America, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking.
许可证必须提前预约。你必须持有许可证，才能在塞利纳过夜。	Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena.
塞丽娜（Sirena）是唯一一个除露营之外还提供宿舍住宿和热餐的护林站。La Leona、San Pedrillo 和 Los Patos 只提供露营，不提供餐饮服务。	Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping with no food service.
可以直接从希门尼斯港 (Puerto Jiménez) 的公园管理处获得入园许可，但不能使用信用卡	It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards
公园管理局只发出预计到访日期之前一个月以内的公园许可证。	The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance of anticipated arrival.
CafeNet El Sol 提供预约服务，收费 30 美元，而一日通票价格为 10 美元；详情请见其 Corcovado 页面。	CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of US$30, or $10 for one-day passes; details on their Corcovado page.
库克群岛是一个岛国，是新西兰的自由结合区，位于南太平洋中部的波利尼西亚。	The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean.
它是一个由 15 个岛屿组成的群岛，分布在 220 万平方公里的海面上。	It is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean.
由于和夏威夷处于同一时区，这些岛屿有时被认为是“南方的夏威夷”。	With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as "Hawaii down under".
虽然规模较小，但它让一些年长的游客联想到建州之前的夏威夷，当时还没有这么多大型观光酒店和其他开发项目。	Though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of Hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development.
库克群岛没有城市，而是由 15 个不同的岛屿组成。主要的岛屿有拉罗汤加岛 (Rarotonga) 和艾图塔基岛 (Aitutaki)。	The Cook Islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are Rarotonga and Aitutaki.
在当今发达国家，提供豪华民宿已经上升为一种艺术形式。	In developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form.
在高端市场上，显而易见，一众 B&B 公司主要在两个方面展开竞争：床铺和早餐。	At the top end, B&Bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast.
因而在这般上佳之所里，人们往往会发现最奢华的床上用品，也许正是一条手工制作的被子，或者是一张年代久远的床榻。	Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed.
早餐可能包括当地的时令美食或主人提供的特色菜。	Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
场景可能是一栋有历史意义的古老建筑，有着古色古香的家具、修剪整齐的地面和游泳池。	The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool.
坐进自己的车，开启一段漫长的公路之旅，本身就有一种简单纯粹的吸引力。	Getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity.
与大型车不同，你可能已经很熟悉驾驶自己的车，也知道它的局限。	Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations.
在私人地产或任何规模的小镇上搭建帐篷，都很容易引起不必要的注意。	Setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention.
简而言之，开车是一种很棒的自驾游方式，但它本身不太适合“露营”。	In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to "camp".
如果你有一辆较大的小型面包车、运动型休旅车、轿车或旅行车，并且座椅可以放平，那么你就可以进行汽车露营。	Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down.
有些酒店的渊源可以追溯到蒸汽火车和远洋轮船的黄金时代：第二次世界大战之前，在 19 世纪或 20 世纪初。	Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries.
这些酒店是当时富人和名人的落脚处，并且通常有高档餐厅和夜生活场所。	These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife.
传统装备、缺乏最新设施及颇具年代感的优雅韵味也是其特色。	The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character.
虽然它们通常是属于私人所有的，但有时也为来访的国家元首和其他政要提供住宿。	While they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries.
一名腰缠万贯的旅客可能会考虑乘飞机环游世界，并在旅途中陆续入住许多家这样的酒店。	A traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels.
食宿交换网络是一个让旅客和其目的地城市的本地居民连接的组织。	A hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit.
加入这样的组织，通常只需要填写一张在线表格；尽管有些组织提供或要求额外的验证。	Joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
随后会提供一份纸质版和/或在线版名单，将尚有空房的房东一一列出，有时会标明其他旅客的推荐和评价信息。	A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers.
沙发冲浪成立于 2004 年 1 月。在那之前，计算机程序员凯西·芬顿 (Casey Fenton) 找到了飞往冰岛的廉价航班，但却没有住所。	Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 after computer programmer Casey Fenton found a cheap flight to Iceland but did not have a place to stay.
他给当地大学的学生发送邮件后，提供免费住宿的邀请蜂拥而至。	He emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation.
旅舍主要为年轻人提供服务，二十岁左右的年轻人便是其典型客户，但你也可以经常在那里遇到相对年长的人。	Hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too.
尽管很少有带着孩子的家庭，但一些旅舍会允许他们住单间。	Families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms.
中国北京将成为 2022 年冬季奥运会的主办城市，这座城市也将因此成为第一个同时举办过夏季和冬季奥运会的城市。	The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics.
北京将举办开幕式、闭幕式和室内滑冰赛事。	Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events.
其他滑雪活动将在张家口太子城滑雪场举行，距离北京约 220 公里（140 英里）。	Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing.
大多数寺庙都有一年一度的节日，从十一月底开始，到五月中旬结束，每个寺庙的节日时间各不相同。	Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar.
大多数寺庙节日都是为了庆祝寺庙周年纪念日、主持神的生日等寺庙大事而举办的。	Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
喀拉拉邦的寺庙节日极其有趣，通常有装饰华丽的大象游行、寺庙管弦乐队表演和其他庆典活动。	Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities.
世界博览会（俗称万国博览会，简称世博）是一场展示艺术和科学的国际盛会。	A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences.
参与国在国家展馆中举办艺术和教育展览，展示世界问题或本国的文化和历史。	Participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history.
世界园艺博览会是展示花卉、植物园和与植物有关的一切。	International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants.
虽然理论上世博会可以每年举行一次（只要在不同的国家举办就行），但实际上并非如此。	Although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not.
这些项目的持续时间通常从三到六个月不等，而且是在不小于 50 公顷的场地里举行。	These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares.
对摄影师来说，野生动物是最难拍的对象之一。好运、耐心、经验、精良的设备，缺一不可。	Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment.
很多人对野生动物摄影习以为常，但就像普通摄影作品一样，一张照片胜过千言万语。	Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words.
拍摄野生动物通常会用到长焦镜头，不过拍鸟群或微小生物之类的对象则需要其他镜头。	Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses.
许多珍稀动物很难找到，公园有时也有针对商业摄影的规定。	Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes.
野生动物有的怕人，有的具有攻击性。环境可能寒冷、炎热或恶劣。	Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
世界上有超过 5,000 种不同的语言，其中有 20 多种语言的使用者超过了 5,000 万人。	The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers.
而且，书面文字往往比口头文字更容易理解。在描述地址时尤为如此，因为通常很难发清楚读音。	Written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. This is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly.
在许多国家/地区，全国的人都能说一口流利的英语，而在更多的国家/地区，人们对英语也略知一二，尤其是年轻人。	Many entire nations are completely fluent in English, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people.
如果你愿意，请想象一个曼彻斯特人、一个波士顿人、一个牙买加人和一个悉尼人围坐在多伦多的一家餐馆里吃饭。	Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, Bostonian, Jamaican and Sydneysider sitting around a table having dinner at a restaurant in Toronto.
他们用各自独特的口音和当地的土语讲述家乡的故事，逗彼此开心。	They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot.
出发前和旅途中，你必须考虑到很多方面。	There are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere.
当你旅行时，请不要期待一切就像“在家里”一样。 礼节、法律、饮食、交通、住宿、标准和语言等等都会与你居住的地方有所不同。	When you travel, expect things not to be like they are "back home". Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live.
这是你需要永远记在心上的一点，这样才能避免失望或者甚至对当地的做法表示厌恶。	This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things.
旅行社自 19 世纪一直存在至今。如果在一段旅程中，旅行者不熟悉目的地的自然、文化和语言，或者计划去低收入国家旅行，那么旅行社一般会是很好的选择。	Travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. A travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries.
虽然大多数旅行社都愿意接受大部分的常规预约，但也有很多旅行社专门从事特定类型、特定预算范围或特定目的地的旅行业务。	Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations.
最好找一个常常预订与你的旅程类似的代理。	It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
看看旅行社推广什么旅游产品，可以在网站上或商店橱窗里查看。	Take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window.
无论是出于必要、还是为了换换生活方式、挑战自我，如果你想花最少的钱看世界，有些办法可以帮你做到。	If you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that.
基本上，它们可分为两类：要么边旅行边工作，要么尽量减少开支。这篇文章着重于后者。	Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter.
对于那些愿意牺牲舒适度和时间，喜欢充满惊喜的旅行，并把开销降至接近于零的游客，请参阅《最低预算旅行攻略》。	For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel.
该设想假定旅行者不会为了自己的利益而进行偷窃、非法侵入、参与非法市场、乞讨或为了私利剥削他人。	The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain.
入境检查站通常是走下飞机、轮船或其他交通工具后经过的第一站。	An immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle.
一些跨境列车的查验在车上进行；登上跨境列车时，应该携带有效的身份证件。	In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains.
在夜间卧铺列车上，为了不影响乘客睡眠，列车长可能会提前收取护照。	On night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted.
注册是签证流程的附加要求。在一些国家，你必须向当地政府登记你的存在和住址。	Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities.
这可能需要去当地警察局填写表格或去一趟移民办公室。	This might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
在很多有这样法律的国家，当地的旅馆可以办理登记注册手续（一定要问清楚）。	In many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask).
在其他情况下，只有住在旅游住宿设施以外的人需要登记。不过这样一来，法律模糊了很多，所以要事先了解。	In other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  However, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand.
建筑学是一门研究建筑设计和建造的学科。一个地方的建筑往往本身就是旅游景点。	Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
许多建筑物的外观都很漂亮，无论是从高楼上看去，还是从一个位置巧妙的窗口望出去，都会看到一幅美不胜收的景象。	Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold.
建筑与城市规划、土木工程、装饰艺术、室内设计和景观设计等领域有相当多的重叠之处。	Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design.
鉴于许多普韦布洛人居住得非常偏远，你得前往阿尔伯克基或圣达菲才能享受到丰富的夜生活。	Given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to Albuquerque or Santa Fe.
然而，上面列出的几乎所有赌场都供应饮料，其中一些赌场还提供知名的娱乐活动（主要是紧邻阿尔伯克基和圣达菲的大型赌场）。	However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe).
注意：对来自其他州的游客而言，这里的小镇酒吧并不总是闲逛的好地方。	Beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out.
首先，新墨西哥州北部有严重的酒驾问题，并且小镇酒吧附近的司机酒驾的比例很高。	For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars.
擅自绘制的壁画或乱写乱涂被称为涂鸦。	Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
尽管这绝不是现代才出现的现象，但大多数人很可能会将其与年轻人使用喷漆破坏公共和私有财产联系起来。	While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint.
然而，如今已经有了成熟的涂鸦艺术家、涂鸦活动和“合法”涂鸦墙。在这种背景下创作的涂鸦绘画往往更类似于艺术品，而非难以辨认的标签。	However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and "legal" walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags.
投掷回旋镖是很多游客都想学会的一项热门技能。	Boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
如果你想学掷回力镖，让它飞出去之后能飞回手中，请务必使用可以飞回的合适的回力镖。	If you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning.
实际上，澳大利亚市面上的大多数回旋镖都飞不回来。初学者最好不要尝试在大风中投掷回旋镖	Most boomerangs available in Australia are in fact non-returning. It is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy
Hangi 指的是烧窑美食。	A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
坑洞通过用火烧过的石头加热，在某些地方则是利用地热使地面自然变热。	The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot.
石头火锅经常用于烹饪传统的烤肉大餐。	The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
罗托鲁瓦有几个地方提供地热窑烤 (hangi)，而在克赖斯特彻奇、惠灵顿和其他地方也可以品尝到其他做法的毛利窑烤。	Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere.
开普敦城内和绕城的通勤火车上有 MetroRail 车厢，MetroRail 有两个等级：MetroPlus（也叫头等舱）和Metro（也叫三等舱）。	MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
MetroPlus 更舒适，也没那么拥挤，但稍微贵了一点，即便如此还是比欧洲的普通地铁票便宜。	MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe.
每列火车都有 MetroPlus 和 Metro 车厢；前者总是在火车靠近开普敦的那一端。	Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town.
为他人携带物品——千万不要让行李离开你的视线，尤其是在出入境时。	Carrying for others - Never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders.
你可能会发现自己被人利用，在不知情的情况下成了一个运毒者，这会让你陷入很大的麻烦。	You could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble.
这包括排队等候，因为随时都可能在没有事先通知的情况下使用缉毒犬。	This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice.
有些国家/地区甚至对初犯也会判以极其严厉的处罚；处罚可能包括 10 年以上的监禁或死刑。	Some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death.
无人看管的袋子不仅是窃贼的目标，还会被当成炸弹威胁，引起当局的警惕和关注。	Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
在家时，由于会经常接触当地病菌，你极易对其产生免疫力。	At home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them.
但在从来没有过细菌群的世界其他地方，你遇到问题的可能性要大得多。	But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems.
而且，在温暖的气候下细菌既可以快速繁殖，又可以在体外存活更久。	Also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body.
于是“德里腹泻”、”法老的诅咒”和“蒙特祖玛的复仇”之类的灾祸就出现了。	Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends.
正如寒冷气候易发呼吸道问题，炎热气候也极易引发肠道问题。在绝大多数情况下，肠道问题会令人显著不适，但并非十分危险。	As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous.
如果你第一次去发展中国家旅行，或者去一个陌生的地方旅行，千万不要低估可能出现的文化冲击。	If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
许多情绪稳定、能力较强的旅客都曾被在发展中国家旅行的新问题所吓倒，在那里，需要迅速适应接踵而至的许多细微文化差异。	Many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly.
尤其是在刚开始的日子里，您可以考虑在西式和高质量的酒店、食物和服务上多花些钱，来帮助您适应环境。	Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize.
在不了解当地动物群的地区，切勿睡在地上的床垫或垫子上。	Do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna.
如果要去野营，请带上露营床或吊床，以免蛇和蝎子之类的危害。	If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such.
清晨在家享受香浓咖啡，夜晚则泡上令人放松的甘菊茶。	Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night.
宅在家里度假，手头上时间多了，可以稍微多花点时间泡一杯特别的饮品，犒劳犒劳自己。	When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special.
如果你想更新奇一点，可以利用这个机会榨些果汁或制作混合奶昔：	If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:
也许你会发现一种在回归到规律的日常生活时，可以在早餐时制作的简单饮料。	maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
如果你生活的城市有多种饮酒文化，那就去那些你不常去的街区的酒吧或酒馆。	If you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent.
对于那些不熟悉医学术语的人来说，”传染性”和“触染性”这两个词的含义截然不同。	For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings.
传染病是由包括病毒、细菌、真菌和其他寄生物在内的病原体引起的疾病。	An infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites.
传染病是指在感染者附近极易传播的一类疾病。	A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person.
多国政府要求入境游客或离境居民接种一系列疾病疫苗。	Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases.
这些要求通常取决于旅行者已经访问或打算访问的国家。	These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
北卡罗来纳州夏洛特市的优势之一在于它为家庭提供了许多高质量的选择。	One of strong points of Charlotte, North Carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families.
来自其他地区的住户常常评赞，家庭友好是他们移居那里的主要原因，而游客们也会发现带着孩子一起游览这座城市非常惬意。	Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around.
过去 20 年来，夏洛特上城区方便儿童的设施实现了指数级增长。	In the past 20 years, the amount of child-friendly options in Uptown Charlotte has grown exponentially.
在夏洛特 (Charlotte) 生活的家庭除了特殊情况外，一般不使用出租车。	Taxis are not generally used by families in Charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances.
乘客超过 2 人则需要额外付费，所以这个选项可能比较昂贵，没有必要。	There is a surcharge for having more than 2 passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary.
现在已经很少有人不先搜索和比较价格，就直接通过航空公司订票了。	Nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
有时，同一航班在不同信息汇集网站上的价格可能相差很大，在预订前先比较搜索结果，同时看看航空公司自己的网站，是有好处的。	Sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking.
在回到本国时通常不需要进行入境检查或者只是走走形式，但过海关可能会很麻烦。	While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle.
确保知晓可以携带什么，不能携带什么，并申报任何超出法律允许的物件。	Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits.
开始旅行写作最简单的方法就是在一个资深旅行博客网站上磨练你的技能。	The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
熟悉网上排版和编辑后，你便可创建自己的网站。	After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website.
你务必谨慎选择联盟中的”飞行常客“航空公司。	You should choose your Frequent Flyer airline in an alliance carefully.
虽然你可能会认为，乘坐哪家航空公司航班的次数最多就加入哪家航空公司的会员是很自然的事，但你应该知道，航空公司提供的权益往往不同，同一联盟下的其他航空公司可能会回馈更多常旅客积分。	Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance.
诸如阿联酋航空公司、阿提哈德航空公司、卡塔尔航空公司和土耳其航空公司之类的航司已经大大扩展了对非洲的服务业务，提供了飞往非洲许多主要城市的航线，价格也比其他欧洲航空公司更有竞争力。	Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways & Turkish Airlines have greatly expanded their services to Africa, and offer connections to many major African cities at competitive rates than other European airlines.
从 2014 年开始，土耳其航空公司可到达 30 个非洲国家的 39 个目的地。	Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014.
如果你的旅行时间有富余，请查看前往非洲的总票价跟环球旅行票价的比较情况。	If you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to Africa compares with a round-the-world fare.
对于非洲以外的所有地区，别忘了加上额外的签证费、离境税、地面交通等费用。	Don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of Africa.
如果你只想在南半球范围内坐飞机环游世界，航班和目的地的选择都十分有限，因为跨洋航线很少。	If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes.
南半球没有一家航空联盟的航线能横跨全部三个大洋（天合联盟甚至没有跨洋航线）。	No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings).
然而，星空联盟涵盖了全球各条航线，不过从智利的圣地亚哥到塔希提岛的东南太平洋航线除外，这是南美航空 (LATAM) 寰宇一家航空公司的航线。	However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago de Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight.
如果你不想经过南太平洋和南美洲西海岸，除了这个航班外还有别的选择。（见下文）	This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
1994 年，阿塞拜疆的亚美尼亚族纳戈尔诺—卡拉巴赫地区向阿塞拜疆人发动了战争。	In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris.
在亚美尼亚的支持下，一个新共和国诞生了。然而，它没有得到任何国家（包括亚美尼亚）的正式承认。	With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it.
该地区的外交纷争，继续导致亚美尼亚和阿塞拜疆之间的关系恶化。	Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
运河区（荷兰语：Grachtengordel）是阿姆斯特丹宾嫩斯塔 (Binnenstad) 周围著名的 17 世纪老城区。	The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
由于独特的文化和历史价值，整个地区被联合国教科文组织列为世界遗产，该区的房产价值位居该国的最高之列。	The whole district is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country.
五渔村（Cinque Terre），原意为五块土地，由位于意大利利古里亚（Liguria）地区的五座沿海小村庄 Riomaggiore、Manarola、Corniglia、Vernazza 和 Monterosso 组成。	Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria.
它们被列入了联合国教科文组织世界遗产名录。	They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
几个世纪以来，人们在崎岖陡峭的地形上精心建造梯田，这些山坡一直延伸到俯瞰大海的悬崖峭壁。	Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea.
它的魅力部分在于没有明显的企业发展。村庄靠道路、火车和船只连接起来，开车无法从外面到达这些村庄。	Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside.
在旅途中，岩崎在很多场合碰到了麻烦。	During his trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions.
他曾被海盗抢劫，在西藏被疯狗袭击，在尼泊尔逃婚，还曾在印度被捕。	He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
渥太华是加拿大的首都，富有魅力且采用使用双语制，亮点是一系列展示着加拿大过去和现在的艺术画廊和博物馆。	Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
再往南是尼亚加拉大瀑布，往北则是马斯科卡河 (Muskoka) 及河对面未开发的自然美景。	Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond.
诸此种种都让安大略省成为了外来人士所想的加拿大典型模样。	All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders.
再往北的广袤地区人烟稀少，有些地方是杳无人烟的荒野。	Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
一组令人吃惊的人口数据对比：居住在美国的非裔美国人人数比加拿大公民人数还要多。	For a comparison of population that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the US than there are Canadian citizens.
东非岛屿位于非洲东海岸外的印度洋上。	The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
马达加斯加是目前为止最大的岛屿，对野生动物来说还是一片独立的大陆。	Madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife.
较小的岛屿大多是独立国家，或所属于法国，它们以豪华海滩度假胜地而闻名。	Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and known as luxury beach resorts.
阿拉伯人也把伊斯兰教带到了这片土地，这一教义在科摩罗和马约特国家盛行。	The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte.
欧洲的影响和殖民主义始于15世纪，当时葡萄牙探险家瓦斯科·达·伽马（Vasco da Gama）发现了从欧洲到印度的开普敦航线。	European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India.
北部与萨赫勒地区接壤；南部和西部临大西洋。	In the north the region is bounded by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
女性：建议无论实际婚姻状况如何，所有女性游客都应说自己已婚。	Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status.
戴戒指也会有帮助（但不要戴看上去太贵的戒指。	It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
女性应该意识到文化差异可能会导致她们所认为的骚扰行为；而且被人尾随、抓胳膊等情况并不少见。	Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
拒绝男人时要坚定，别害怕坚持自己的立场（不管文化有无差异，都要果断回绝！）。	Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!).
现代城市卡萨布兰卡是由柏柏尔 (Berber) 渔民在公元前 10 世纪建立的，曾被腓尼基人、罗马人和马里尼德人 (Merenid) 用作战略港口，港口曾被称为安法 (Anfa)。	The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa.
葡萄牙人毁灭了这座城并进行了重建，还将其命名为卡萨布兰卡 (Casa Branca) ，直到 1755 年地震后才遗弃了它。	The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
摩洛哥苏丹将该市重建为 Daru l-Badya。西班牙商人在这里建立了贸易基地，并将其命名为卡萨布兰卡。	The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there.
卡萨布兰卡是全摩洛哥最无趣的购物地之一。	Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
在麦地那老城附近，出售塔吉锅、陶器、皮具、水烟等摩洛哥传统商品和各种小玩意儿的店铺随处可见，但这些商店都是针对游客的。	Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists.
戈马是刚果民主共和国的一个旅游城市，位于刚果的最东边，靠近卢旺达。	Goma is a tourist city of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda.
2002 年，戈马被尼拉贡戈火山的熔岩所摧毁。火山熔岩掩埋了该镇的大部分街道，尤其是镇中心。	In 2002 Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the town’s streets, particularly the town centre.
尽管戈马还算安全，但前往戈马以外的任何地方都应该事先调查，以便了解北基伍省持续的战斗有没有缓和。	While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the North Kivu province.
这座城市也是攀登尼拉贡戈火山（Nyiragongo）以及非洲最便宜的山地大猩猩追踪项目的基地。	The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
你可以乘坐 boda-boda（出租的摩托车）游览戈马（Goma）。短途车程的正常（当地）价格是 500 刚果法郎。	You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for the short ride.
又因为相对偏僻，“廷巴克图”被用来比喻遥远的异国他乡。	Combined with its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
今天，虽然廷巴克图的名声使之成为旅游胜地，而且有一个机场，但这是一个贫穷的城镇。	Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
1990 年，由于沙漠的威胁，它被列入了濒危世界遗产名录。	In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands.
这是亨利·路易斯·盖茨 (Henry Louis Gates) 在美国公共广播公司的《非洲世界的奇迹》特别节目中的重要一站。	It was one of the major stops during Henry Louis Gates' PBS special Wonders of the African World.
这座城市与该国其他城市形成了鲜明对比，因为它更多的是阿拉伯风格，而不是非洲风格。	The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African.
克鲁格国家公园 (KNP) 位于南非东北部，东部与莫桑比克接壤，北部与津巴布韦接壤，南部以鳄鱼河 (Crocodile River) 为边境。	The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
公园占地 19500 平方公里，分为 14 个不同的生态区，为不同的野生动植物提供支持。	The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife.
它是南非的主要景点之一，被认为是南非国家公园体系 (SANParks) 的主打景点。	It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and it is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
与所有南非国家公园一样，该公园每天都收取养护费和门票费。	As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park.
买一张万能卡（Wild Card）也有不少好处。带着这张卡，你可以进入南非的一些公园或全部的国家公园。	It may also be beneficial for one to buy a Wild Card, which provides entry to either selections of parks in South Africa or all of the South African National Parks.
香港岛是香港地区的代名词，也是众多游客心目中的焦点所在。	Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus.
构成香港天际线的众多建筑就像是一幅闪闪发光的条形图，在维多利亚港水域的映衬下显得格外醒目。	The parade of buildings that make the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
若想从最佳角度欣赏香港的美景，可以离开该岛，前往对面的九龙海滨。	To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite.
香港岛大部分的城市发展都集中在北岸的填海土地上。	The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
这里是英国殖民者占领的地方，所以如果你想寻找这片领土殖民历史的证据，这里是一个很好的起点。	This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
孙德本尔斯 (Sundarbans) 是世界上最大的滨海红树林带，林带长 80 公里（50 英里），从海岸一直延伸至孟加拉国和印度内陆。	The Sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast.
孙德尔本斯 (Sundarbans) 已经被联合国教科文组织宣布为世界遗产。印度境内的这部分森林被称为孙德尔本斯国家公园。	The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
不过，这些森林不仅仅是红树林沼泽，里面还有一些巨大丛林的遗迹，这些丛林曾经长满了恒河平原。	The forests aren't just mangrove swamps though — they include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungles which once covered the Gangetic plain.
孙德本尔斯的面积为 3850 平方公里，其中约三分之一为水域/沼泽区。	The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas.
自 1966 年以来，孙德尔本斯一直是野生动物保护区。据估计，目前该区生活着 400 只皇家孟加拉虎和大约 3 万只梅花鹿。	Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
全天都有公交车从城区间公交站（跨河）发车，但大部分车次，特别是开往东部和贾卡尔/布姆唐的公交车都在 06:30 至 07:30 之间发车。	Buses depart the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though most, especially those heading to the east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30.
鉴于区间巴士经常客满，建议提前几天购票。	As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance.
大多数地区都能坐到舒适结实的日本 Coaster 小巴车。	Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
要前往附近地方，如帕罗 (Nu 150) 和普那卡 (Nu 200)，共享出租车是一种快捷舒适的方式。	Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
奥亚波克河大桥是一座斜拉桥，横跨奥亚波克河，连接巴西奥亚波克和法属圭亚那的圣乔治。	The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
两座桥塔高 83 米，桥的长度为 378 米，有两条 3.50米宽的车道。	The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide.
桥下垂直净空 15 米。该项目于 2011 年 8 月完工，但直到 2017 年 3 月才开始通车。	The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it didn't open to traffic until March 2017.
大桥预计将于 2017 年 9 月全面投入使用，届时巴西海关检查站预计也将完工。	The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished.
瓜拉尼人 (Guaraní) 是居住在现东巴拉圭地区的最重要的土著群体，他们过着半游牧式的游猎生活，也会进行自给自足的农业活动。	The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture.
查科 (Chaco) 地区是瓜伊库鲁 (Guaycuru) 和帕亚瓜 (Payagua) 等其他土著部落的家园，他们靠狩猎、采集和捕鱼为生。	The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
16 世纪的巴拉圭曾被称为“印第安大省”，是西班牙征服者与当地土著群体的相遇后的产物。	In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called "The Giant Province of the Indies", was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups.
西班牙人开始了长达三个世纪的殖民时期。	The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
自从 1537 年亚松森（Asunción）建成以来，巴拉圭一直设法保留了这座城的许多本土特色和特性。	Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity.
阿根廷以拥有世界顶尖的马球队和球员而闻名。	Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
每年规模最大的锦标赛于 12 月份在拉斯卡尼塔斯 (Las Cañitas) 的马球场举行。	The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
在一年中的其他日子，这里也能看到比较小型的锦标赛和比赛。	Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
如要了解锦标赛新闻和如何购买马球比赛门票，请查看阿根廷马球协会网站。	For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
福克兰群岛的官方货币是福克兰英镑，与英镑等值。	The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP).
可以在岛上唯一的银行兑换货币，该银行位于斯坦利，在 FIC West 商店对面。	Money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
英镑一般在岛上所有地方都通用，斯坦利境内也往往可以用信用卡和美元付款。	British pounds will generally be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also often accepted.
在外围岛屿，可能无法使用信用卡，但可以使用英美货币；请事先与房主联系，确认可接受的付款方式。	On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method.
几乎不可能在岛外兑换福克兰群岛的货币，所以要在离岛之前兑换。	It is nearly impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands.
蒙得维的亚位于赤道以南，因此北半球冬天的时候，那里是夏天，反之亦然。	Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.
蒙得维的亚位于亚热带地区；在夏季月份，气温常常超过 30°C 。	Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common.
冬天可能会比看上去显得更冷：温度很少低于零度，但当风和湿度结合在一起，会让人感觉比温度计显示的温度要冷。	The winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says.
这里没有特定的“雨季”和“旱季”：全年的降雨量大致相同。	There are no particular "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year.
虽然公园里许多动物都见惯了人类，但野生动物毕竟是野生动物，我们不应该去喂养或打扰它们。	Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
公园的管理人员表示：与熊和狼至少要保持 100 码/米的距离，而与所有其他野生动物则需要保持 25 码/米的距离！	According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!
无论看起来是多么的温顺，野牛、麋鹿、驼鹿、熊等几乎所有的大型动物都有可能攻击人类。	No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack.
每年，数十名游客都会因未能保持适当距离而受伤。这些动物体型庞大，充满野性，具有潜在的危险性，因此请给它们留出一些空间。	Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
此外，要注意气味会引来熊和其他野生动物，因此要避免携带或烹饪散发气味的食物，并保持营地清洁。	In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
阿皮亚是萨摩亚的首都。该城镇位于乌波卢（Upolu）岛上，人口数量不足 4 万。	Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
阿皮亚始建于 19 世纪 50 年代，自 1959 年以来一直是萨摩亚的首都。	Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
该海湾曾在 1889 年发生过一场臭名昭著的海军对峙，当时来自德国、美国和英国的七艘舰船拒绝驶离这个海湾。	The harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor.
除了一艘英国巡航舰外，其余船只悉数沉没。近 200 名美国人和德国人丧失生命。	All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
在由茅茅运动为争取独立而组织发起的斗争中，该镇的一场和平集会致使大酋长图普阿·塔马塞塞·利罗菲三世（Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III）遇害身亡。	During the struggle for independence organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
奥克兰横跨两个港口，因此当地有很多海滩。其中最有人气的海滩分布在三个地区。	There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas.
北岸海滩（位于北港区内）在太平洋上，从北部的长湾 (Long Bay) 一直延伸到南部的德文波特 (Devonport)。	North Shore beaches (in North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
这里几乎都是沙滩，游泳很安全，大部分地方都有新西兰圣诞树的树荫。	They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
塔马基大道 (Tamaki Drive) 海滩位于怀特玛塔港 (Waitemata Harbour)，就在奥克兰中部的米森湾 (Mission Bay) 和圣赫里尔斯 (St Heliers) 的高档郊区。	Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
这些海滩有时挤满了度假的家庭，沿岸排列着各种各样的商店。 游泳很安全。	These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe.
当地主要的啤酒是“一号”啤酒。它的口感不复杂，但很好喝、很清爽。另一款本地啤酒叫做“曼塔 (Manta)”。	The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called "Manta".
在这里可以买到很多法国葡萄酒，但新西兰和澳大利亚的葡萄酒可能更经得起长途运输。	There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better.
当地的自来水完全可以达到安全饮用标准，但如果你还是担心，也可以很容易地买到瓶装水。	The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful.
对澳大利亚人来说，“馥芮白”咖啡的概念还比较陌生。小杯黑咖啡是“浓缩咖啡”，卡布奇诺的奶油（不是泡沫）堆得很高，而茶是不搭配牛奶的。	For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk.
热巧克力达到了比利时的标准。果汁价格昂贵，但品质很好。	The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
全年都有很多人到大堡礁旅游，而且在大堡礁很少发生由于参加上述任何活动而受伤的情况。	Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.
尽管如此，还是要听从有关部门的建议，遵守所有的标志并密切注意安全警告。	Still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
箱型水母会在每年十月到次年四月间出现在 1770 镇的海滩和河口附近。偶尔也能在其他时间点发现它们的身影。	Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times.
鲨鱼确实存在，但它们很少攻击人类。多数鲨鱼害怕人类，会游走。	Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away.
咸水鳄的主要栖息地并非海洋，而是罗克汉普顿 (Rockhampton) 北部的河口。	Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton.
提前预订可以让旅行者安心，知道到达目的地后就有地方过夜。	Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
虽然旅行社可能会帮你预订露营 等其他形式的住宿，但他们通常会与特定的酒店合作。	Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent.
旅行社通常会提供包括早餐、机场往返接送的套餐，有的甚至会提供航班和酒店住宿套餐。	Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages.
如果你需要时间考虑价格是否合适，或者去往目的地需要获取其他证件（如签证），他们可以为你保留预订。	They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
如果需要进行任何修改或有任何要求，应该首先通过旅行代理商进行办理，而不是直接与酒店接洽。	Any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
在一些音乐节，绝大多数参加者选择在现场露营，而且大部分参加者认为这是音乐节体验极为重要的一部分。	For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience.
如果想近距离观看演出，你得早点到，在靠近舞台的地方占好营地。	If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
记住，虽然主舞台上的音乐可能已经结束，但节日的其他部分可能会一直演奏音乐到深夜。	Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night.
有些音乐节会为带小孩的家庭设立特别的露营区。	Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
如果在冬天穿越北波罗的海，要检查客舱的位置，因为在冰面上航行会给那些受影响最严重的人带来非常可怕的噪音。	If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected.
圣彼得堡游轮包括城内观光活动。游轮乘客可获豁免签证（详情请参阅服务条款）。	Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
赌场一般会想方设法让客人花费尽量多的时间和金钱。赌场通常没有窗户和时钟，出口也很难找到。	Casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find.
他们通常会提供特别的食品、饮料和娱乐活动，让客人保持愉悦，留在赌场。	They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise.
有些场地免费提供酒精饮料。然而，醉酒会削弱人的判断能力，所有优秀的赌徒都知道保持清醒的重要性。	Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober.
任何在高纬度地区开车或翻越山口的人，都应该考虑到可能遭遇下雪、结冰或冻结温度的情况。	Anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
在冰雪覆盖的路面上，摩擦力很小，你不能像在光洁的柏油路上一样开车。	On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
暴雪时，极短时间内降雪量就可以足以困住你。	During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time.
降雪、飘雪、车窗上的水珠或结冰可能也会挡住视线。	Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows.
另一方面，冰雪天气在很多国家都十分常见，全年交通也几乎不会中断。	On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round.
游猎活动也许是非洲最吸引人的旅游活动，也是许多游客行程中的亮点。	Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
“游猎 (safari)”一词，在常见的用法中是指通过陆路旅行去观赏令人惊叹的非洲野生动物，尤其是在热带草原上。	The term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning African wildlife, particularly on savanna.
一些动物（例如大象和长颈鹿）往往喜欢挨近汽车，而标准的设备可以让人更好地欣赏。	Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing.
狮子、猎豹和花豹有时很怕人，用双筒望远镜你能看得更清楚。	Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes shy and you will see them better with binoculars.
徒步旅行（ 也叫”丛林漫步”、“远足旅行”或“远足”）主要是徒步行走，通常耗时几个小时或持续数日。	A walking safari (also called a "bush walk", "hiking safari", or going "footing") consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days.
残奥会将于 2021 年 8 月 24 日至 9 月 5 日举行。部分赛事将在日本其他地方举办。	The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
东京将成为唯一举办过两届夏季奥运会的亚洲城市，第一次是在1964 年。	Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964.
如果你在宣布推迟之前预订了 2020 年的航班和住宿，则可能会面临棘手的情况。	If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation.
取消政策各不相同，但截至三月末，大多数由于新冠病毒而出台的取消政策并没有延长到 2020 年 7 月——原定奥运会举办时间。	Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled.
预计大部分赛事的门票价格将在 2,500 日元到 13 万日元之间，一般票价约为 7,000 日元。	It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000.
熨烫潮湿的衣服可以帮助其变干。即便房间并没有熨斗和熨衣板，但是许多酒店提供出借服务。	Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room.
如果没有熨斗，或者你不喜欢穿熨烫过的袜子，那你可以用吹风机试试（如果有的话）。	If an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available.
小心不要让衣服变得太热（这可能会产生收缩现象，在极端情况下会把衣服烤焦）。	Be careful not to allow fabric to become too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, scorch).
净水的方法有很多，有些对特定的污染更有效。	There are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats.
在某些地区，水煮一分钟就足够了，在其他地区则需要几分钟的时间。	In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed.
过滤器的效果各不相同，如果对此有所顾虑，那么您应该考虑购买信誉好的公司生产的密封瓶装水。	Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
旅行者可能会遇到在家乡不常见的有害动物。	Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions.
害虫会破坏食物，引起刺激性反应，在更严重的情况下会引起过敏反应，传播毒液或传染病。	Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections.
传染性疾病本身，或那些能通过暴力杀伤人类的危险动物，通常不属于害虫之列。	Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests.
在布法罗-匹兹堡高速公路上，行车条件最具挑战性的是波特马里恩 (Point Marion) 到费尔蒙特 (Fairmont) 之间的路段，这段路频繁地途径多处偏僻的边远地区。	The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain.
如果你不习惯在乡村道路上开车，那可要保持头脑清醒：这里到处都是陡坡、窄车道和急转弯。	If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
该处公示的限速比之前和之后的路段明显要低，常见的限速是 35-40 英里/小时（56-64 公里/小时），而严格遵守限速要求的重要性也甚于其他路段。	Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise.
不过，令人奇怪的是，这里的手机服务比沿途的许多其他路线（例如宾夕法尼亚州荒原）要强得多。	Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds.
欧洲是片面积相对较小但有着许多独立国家的大陆。在通常情况下，穿越多个国家旅行意味着必须多次经历签证申请和护照检查。	Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
然而在这方面，申根区有点像一个国家。	The Schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect.
只要你在此区域居留，通常可以直接通过边境，无需再次接受护照检查点的检查。	As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
同理，有了申根签证，你就不必分别向每个申根成员国申请签证，从而节省了时间、金钱和手续。	Similarly, by having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork.
对于哪些加工物品是古董，没有统一的定义。一些税务机构将 100 年以上的物品定义为古董。	There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
该定义存在地域差异，北美洲等地的年份限制可能比欧洲短。	The definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as North America than in Europe.
手工艺品可能会被定义为古董，尽管相比于批量生产的同类产品，手工艺品的年份要短得多。	Handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
驯鹿饲养是萨米人的一项重要生计。围绕该行业的文化对许多以其他职业为生的人也很重要。	Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions.
不过，即使从传统意义上出发，并非所有的萨米人都参与了大规模的驯鹿饲养业，他们会以捕鱼、狩猎及类似活动为生，并通常将驯鹿当作役畜。	Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals.
如今很多萨米人投身于现代行业。旅游业是萨普米，也就是萨米地区的一大收入来源。	Today many Sámi work in modern trades. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi area.
尽管“吉普赛”一词应用广泛，尤其在非罗姆人当中更为盛行，但它通常被认为是一种冒犯，因为它与负面的刻板印象和对罗姆人错误的看法相关联。	Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word "Gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people.
如果你要访问的国家受到旅行警告的约束，你的旅行健康保险或旅行取消保险可能会受到影响。	If the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
你也可以咨询除贵国以外其他政府的建议，但他们的建议是为他们的公民而制定的。	You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
例如，中东地区的美国公民可能面临与欧洲人或阿拉伯人的不同境遇。	As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs.
旅游警示只能就当地局势提供简略摘要。	Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
与其他地方提供的更详细的信息相比，这里所提供的建议往往较为粗略、笼统且过于简单。	The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
恶劣天气是任何危险天气现象的总称；这种天气会造成破坏、严重社会混乱或人员伤亡。	Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
世界上任何地方都可能发生恶劣天气。恶劣天气有各种不同类型，具体取决于地理位置、地形和大气条件。	Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
狂风、冰雹、过量降水、山火，还有雷雨、龙卷风、水龙卷、气旋，都是极端天气的表现和影响。	High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
区域性和季节性的恶劣天气现象包括暴风雪、雪暴、冰暴和沙尘暴等。	Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
强烈建议旅客注意所在地的恶劣天气风险，它们可能会影响旅行计划。	Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans.
任何计划前往可能被认为战区国家之人，都应该接受专业训练。	Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
在互联网上搜索“应对敌对环境课程”，也许能找到提供培训的当地公司的地址。	A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
这门课程通常会涵盖在此讨论到的所有问题，经常会以实战经验的方式加以深入。	A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience.
课程训练通常要持续 2-5 天，将涉及角色扮演、急救方式训练，有时也涉及武装训练。	A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
关于野外生存的书籍和杂志很常见，但关于战区生存的出版物却很少。	Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few.
计划在国外做变性手术的旅行者务必在返程时携带有效证件。	Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip.
至于愿不愿意签发没有注明性别 (X) 的护照，或愿不愿为了符合想要的姓名和性别而更改文件，各国政府的意愿各不相同。	The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
外国政府对这些文件的认可程度也千差万别。	Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable.
在 2001 年 9 月 11 日之后的时代，安全检查站的搜查也变得更烦扰。	Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era.
尚未做手术的变性者在通过扫描仪时，不得不透露自己的隐私，并且无法保障自身尊严。	Pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact.
离岸流是海浪从海滩快速回流到海中的回流，通常发生在暗礁或类似的地方。	Rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar.
水下的地形造成回流集中于几处较深的区域，那里可能会形成流向深水的急流。	Due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there.
大部分死亡都是因逆流而上、体力透支造成的，逆着水流游泳不太可能成功。	Most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible.
摆脱湍急水流之后，游回来就没有那么困难了。	As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally.
努力游往你不会再次被困住的地方，或者等待救援（取决于你的技能以及你是否已被发现）。	Try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue.
重返家园的冲击比文化冲击来得更快（蜜月期更短），持续时间更长，也可能更严重。	Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there's less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe.
对于很容易适应新文化的旅行者来说，有时很难重新适应他们的本土文化。	Travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture.
在国外生活了一段时间后回国，你会发现自己已经适应了新的文化，丢掉了一些家乡文化的习惯。	When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture.
当你刚出国时，人们可能会很有耐心，很体谅你，因为他们知道旅行者来到新国家需要适应。	When you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt.
人们可能想不到，旅行者在回程中也需要耐心和理解。	People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home.
对儿童来说，金字塔的声光表演是该地区最有趣的活动之一。	The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids.
你可以在黑暗中看到金字塔，在节目开始前你可以看到它们默默地在那里。	You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
平时你总能在这里听到游客和小摊贩的声音。声光交织，就像在讲述一个动人的故事。	Usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and light is just like a story book.
背景幕布上是狮身人面像，它也是长篇故事的讲述者。	The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
场景在金字塔上展示，不同的金字塔被点亮。	The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
对于各个年龄和背景的人来说，乘飞机旅行都可能成为恐怖的经历，尤其是在以前从未乘坐过飞机或有过痛苦经历的情况下。	Travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
这并不是丢人的事情：这和很多人对其他东西抱有的恐惧和厌恶没什么两样。	It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
对一些人来说，如果要克服因未知事物或不可控制的状况而产生的恐惧，了解飞机的工作原理和飞行的程序可能会有帮助。	For some, understanding something about how aircraft work and what happens during a flight may help to overcome a fear which is based on the unknown or on not being in control.
快递公司可因快速交付货物而获取高酬劳。很多时候，时间对于商务文件、商品或用于紧急维修的零部件而言非常重要。	Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair.
在某些航线上，大型公司有自己的飞机，但对于其他航线和小公司来说，就有问题了。	On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem.
如果他们使用航空的方式运输货物，在某些航线上，可能要花几天的时间才能卸货和通关。	If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs.
最快的方法就是把它作为托运行李承运。根据航空公司规定，禁止载运未登机旅客的行李，而这时就需要你在场。	The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in.
乘坐头等舱或商务舱最明显的方式是花一大笔钱来享受这种特权（或者，更好的方式是让你的公司给你出钱乘坐）。	The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you).
然而，这并不便宜：根据粗略估算，商务舱的票价可能是普通经济舱的 4 倍，头等舱的票价更是 11 倍之高！	However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!
一般来说，从 A 地直飞 B 地，压根没必要去找商务舱或头等舱的打折机票。	Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B.
航空公司非常清楚，有一些核心乘客愿花高价获得快速、舒适出行的特权，因此航空公司会相应地收取费用。	Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly.
摩尔多瓦的首都是基希讷乌。当地语言是罗马尼亚语，但俄语也被广泛使用。	The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used.
摩尔多瓦是一个多民族共和国，饱受民族冲突之苦。	Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
1994 年，这场冲突导致摩尔多瓦东部自诩为德涅斯特河沿岸共和国的成立。该共和国有自己的政府和货币，但没有得到任何联合国成员国的认可。	In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member country.
尽管政治谈判失败，但摩尔多瓦这两个地区的经济联系得以重建。	Economic links have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
摩尔多瓦 (Moldova) 的主要宗教是东正教。	The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian.
伊兹密尔是土耳其第三大城市，人口约 370 万，它是土耳其第二大港口，仅次于伊斯坦布尔，它也是一个繁忙的交通枢纽。	İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
曾经是士麦那 (Smyrna) 古城，如今已成为一个现代化、发达且繁忙的商业中心，周围是巨大的海湾和群山。	Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains.
在宽阔的林荫大道、玻璃外墙的建筑和现代化的购物中心之间，散布着传统的红瓦屋顶、18 世纪的市场以及古老的清真寺和教堂，不过这座城市比传统的土耳其更有地中海欧洲的氛围。	The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
在哈尔达斯维克村 (Haldarsvík) 可以欣赏附近依斯特洛伊岛 (Eysturoy) 的美景。村中有一个与众不同的八角形教堂。	The village of Haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
教堂墓地里，一些坟墓上方摆着有趣的大理石鸽子雕塑。	In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs.
在这个迷人的村庄漫步半小时是值得的。	It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
向北可轻松抵达浪漫迷人的辛特拉镇；它是拜伦勋爵笔下为人称道的乐土，并因此为外国人所熟知。	To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra and which was made famous to foreigners after a glowing account of its splendours recorded by Lord Byron.
Scotturb 403 路公共汽车定期发车前往辛特拉 (Sintra)，在罗卡角停靠。	Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra, stopping at Cabo da Roca.
也可以到北部参观法蒂玛圣母院（圣地），它是举世闻名的圣母玛丽亚显现之地。	Also to the north visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place of worldwide famous Marian apparitions.
请记住，你其实是在参观一个巨大的万人坑遗址，该遗址对世界上一大群体有着难以估量的意义。	Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population.
还是有许多男女在这里幸存了下来，他们如今仍然健在；而更多人的亲人，有的在那里被屠杀，有的一直做苦工到死，犹太人和非犹太人都是如此。	There are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and non-Jews alike.
请给予此地应得的尊严、庄严和尊重。不要用大屠杀或纳粹开玩笑。	Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis.
切勿在建筑物上做标记或涂鸦，以免破坏遗址。	Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
巴塞罗那的官方语言为加泰罗尼亚语和西班牙语。大约一半的当地人更愿意说加泰罗尼亚语，绝大多数人都听懂加泰罗尼亚语，至于西班牙语，几乎每个人都能听懂。	Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish.
然而，大多数指示牌都只使用加泰罗尼亚语，因为这是法律规定的第一官方语言。	However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language.
然而，公共交通和其他设施也广泛使用西班牙语。	Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
地铁里的定期广播只有加泰罗尼亚语，但自动系统会用多种语言进行临时广播，包括西班牙语、英语、法语、阿拉伯语和日语。	Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
巴黎人是出了名的以自我中心、粗鲁和傲慢。	Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
虽然这通常只是一种不准确的刻板印象，但在巴黎生活的最佳方式仍然是尽量举止得当，表现得像一个有 “bien élevé”（教养良好）的人。这会让参加社会活动变得容易得多。	While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is "bien élevé" (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier.
如果你表现出一点基本的礼貌，巴黎人粗鲁的表现很快就会消失无踪。	Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
普利特维茨湖国家公园森林茂密，主要树种有山毛榉、云杉和冷杉，并以高山和地中海植被混合为特色。	The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
由于小气候、土壤和海拔高度的多样性，这里的植物群落种类非常丰富，并因此闻名于世。	It has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude.
该地区也是各类动物和鸟类的家园。	The area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species.
在那里可以看到欧洲棕熊、狼、鹰、猫头鹰、猞猁、野猫和松鸡等稀有动物以及许多更常见的物种	Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
女性在参观修道院时必须穿裙子，裙子必须及膝，肩膀也要覆盖住。	While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too.
大多数修道院都会为没有准备的女性提供裹身衣，但如果你自己带，尤其是颜色鲜艳的，门口的修道士会向你投来抿嘴一笑。	Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
同理，男士也必须穿着长裤，遮住膝盖。	Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees.
也可以从入口处的存衣柜借到，但衣服并不是每次有人穿过后都会洗，所以这些裙子穿起来可能会有点不舒服。全部都是均码哦!	This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men!
马略卡岛的菜肴和地中海相似地区的菜肴一样，主要以面包、蔬菜和肉类（尤其是猪肉）为基础，而且完全使用橄榄油。	Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
Pa amb Oli 是一种在夏天尤为流行的简单晚餐：面包搭配橄榄油、番茄，手头上任何佐料都可加入，比如奶酪、金枪鱼等。	A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
