不只是碎冰，极端的天气状况也让救援工作困难重重。	In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts.
皮特曼认为天气情况要到下周才能改善。	Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week.
皮特曼（Pittman）认为，这样的积冰的数量和厚度，是猎海豹船在过去 15 年以来遇到的最坏情况。	The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years.
费利西亚 （Felicia） 曾经是萨菲尔-辛普森 （Saffir-Simpson） 飓风级别的 4 级风暴，周二消散前减弱为热带低气压。	Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday.
其余威为大部分岛屿带来了阵雨，但截至目前，还没有损坏或洪水的相关报告。	Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported.
欧胡岛（Oahu）的降雨量达到了 6.34 英寸，被称为“有益的”。	The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as "beneficial".
有些降雨会伴随雷暴和频繁的闪电。	Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
龙卷风是一股气压极低的旋转气流柱，它能将周围的空气向内、向上吸入。	A tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward.
龙卷风会产生强风（常常每小时 100-200 英里），能把重物抛到空中，并裹挟着它们向前移动。	They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves.
刚开始时，漏斗状云从雷暴云中向下伸展，当它们接触地面时就变成了“龙卷风”。	They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
亚热带风暴杰瑞 (Jerry) 今天在大西洋形成，这是大西洋飓风季节中第十个被命名的风暴。	The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
国家飓风中心 (NHC) 表示，目前“杰瑞”对陆地没有威胁。	The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land.
美国陆军工兵部队估计，6 英寸的降雨量就可能冲垮之前损坏的堤坝。	The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees.
“卡特里娜”飓风来袭时，第九区洪水水位一度高达 20 英尺，由于附近的防洪堤已经被淹没，目前水位已达齐腰深度。	The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in waist-high water as the nearby levee was overtopped.
在一处 100 英尺宽的河段，水即将溢出堤坝。	Water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide.
