"THE CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI"	カリガリ博士の小屋
Act 1	幕１
"Spirits surround us on every side - they have driven me from hearth and home, from wife and child."	私は亡霊のおかげで家族や家庭を捨てざるをえなかった
"She is my bride..."	僕の婚約者だ
"What she and I have experienced is yet more remarkable than the story you have told me."	僕と彼女の体験はあなたの物語よりも恐ろしい
I will tell you...	今からそれを話してあげよう
"In the small town, where I was born..."	故郷ハレシュテンバルでの出来事だ
"...a traveling fair had arrived."	お祭りがひらかれた
"Him..."	ある香具師がやってきた
"My friend, Alan..."	親友のアランだ
Come to the HOLSTENWALL FAIR! WONDERS! MARVELS!	"ハレシュテンバル祭へ　皆様　ぜひお越しを！"
"Come, Francis-- let's go to the fair."	フランシス　お祭りへいこうぜ
"The Town-Clerk is in a bad mood today."	きょうは市の係官は機嫌が悪い
Dr. Caligari	カリガリ博士
"Wait!"	待て！
"Wait!"	待て！
"I want a permit to operate my show at the Fair."	祭りでの営業許可をいただきたいんですが・・
"What kind of a show is it?"	どんな見世物だ？
"A somnambulist."	"夢遊病者"で・・
"Step up! Step up!	さあ　いらっしゃい！
See the amazing CESARE, the SOMNAMBULIST!"	驚異の夢遊病者チェザーレ！
End of Act 1	幕１終
Act 2	幕２
That night the first of a strange series of crimes occurred.	その夜から奇怪な恐れが始まった・・
...Murder!	連続殺人！
"A stab wound from a strange object caused the death of the Town-Clerk..."	犠牲者第一号は市の吏員だった
"Step up! Step up! Behold for the first time...	さあ　お立ち会い！
Cesare the miraculous! He is about to wake up from his rigor mortis... before your very own eyes. 23 years of age!	夢遊病者チェザーレが
Day and night...	２３年の眠りからさめますぞ
Don't miss this!"	昼も夜も・・ 今こそ皆さんの前で
The cabinet of Dr. Caligari	カリガリ博士の小屋
"Wake up, Cesare!	目を覚ませ　チェザーレ！
I, Caligari, your master, command you!"	ご主人様の私の命令だ
"Ladies and gentlemen! Cesare knows all secrets. Ask him to look into your future."	皆さん　彼はすべてを見通します 将来を占ってもらいなさい
"How long shall I live?"	僕の寿命はどれほどだ？
"Until dawn!"	朝まで
Murder in Hollstenwall Reward 1000 Mark	殺人　懸賞金
On the way home...	帰り道で・・
"Alan, we both love her,	アラン　私たちは同じ人を好きになった
but no matter who she chooses, let us remain friends."	でも　選ぶのは彼女。 どうなっても　友達でいよう
Night...	夜・・
End of Act 2	幕２終
Act 3	幕３
"Herr Francis! Herr Francis!	フランシス様！
Herr Alan is dead - murdered!"	アラン様が殺されました
"The prophecy of the somnambulist? !"	夢遊病者の予言だ
"I will not rest until I have solved this mystery!"	絶対犯人を掴まえる
"I shall ask the police for permission to examine the somnambulist."	警察に許可をもらって彼を取り調べるとしよう
"A Murderer!	殺害者だ！
"Wake him!"	彼をおこせ！
HOLSTENWALL MURDERER CAUGHT Attempts Third Killing	ホルジュテンバル殺人事件　犯人逮捕される
End of Act 3	幕３終
Act 4	幕４
Anxious about the long absence of her father...	帰らぬ父の身を案じる彼女・・
"I swear I have nothing to do with the two murders. So help me god."	たしかに俺はバアさんを殺そうとしたさ
"It's true that I tried to kill the old woman..."	例の謎の殺人鬼の仕業にみせかけるつもりで
"...and I thought they would blame the mysterious murderer again..."	だが俺は前の２件の殺人とはまったく無関係だ
"Is my father, Dr. Olsen, here..."	父のオルセン博士がここで見つかると思って
After the funeral...	葬式後・・
Night...	ふたたび夜・・
Cesare!	チェザーレよ！
"It can't have been Cesare. I've been watching him for hours, asleep in his box."	ありえない事だ　私が彼が寝ているのを見守っていた
End of Act 4	幕４終
Act 5	幕５
"Is the prisoner safe in his cell?"	容疑者はブタ箱でおとなしくしてるか？
"Let me see him"	だといいんだが・・　彼の様子を見よう
Madhouse	精神病院
"Do you have a patient named Doctor Caligari?"	カリガリという患者はいますか？
"You may want to ask the director of the institute directly."	患者の身元を知っているのは院長だけです
"But... HE is Caligari!"	しかし・・院長こそがカリガリです！
While Caligari is sleeping in his mansion...	その一方　カリガリは眠っていた・・
"He's asleep."	彼が眠る
SOMNAMBULISM A Collection from Upsala University Published in the year 1726	夢遊病 1726年の出版
"His special studies."	これは院長の特別研究テーマだ
The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari In the year 1703, a mystic named Caligari visited the small towns	カリガリ博士の小屋 記録では1703年に末カリガリなる人物がいた
Of Northern Italy traveling around with his somnambulist named Cesare.	夢遊病者とともに旅していた
For months he caused great panic in town after town by repeated occurences of murder committed always under the same circumstances.	彼は夢遊病者のチェザーレに力を吹き込み〜 その後　次々と奇怪な同じ手口の殺人事件がおきた
He ordered his somnambulist, who he had brought completely under his control to carry out his adventurous plans.	彼を道具に自らの欲望を実現しようとした
To evade any suspicion, Caligari put a puppet which resembled the somnambulist into the wooden box in which the somnambulist used to sleep.	疑惑を晴らす為、人形を作って
My diary	臨床記録
March 12th At Last... At last... A somnambulist was admitted to the asylum this morning.	3月12日　ついに夢遊病患者が当精神病院に到着する！
...Afternoon. Now nothing stands in the way of my long cherished ambition. At last I can put the Caligari theory to the test - -	今や私の行く手を阻むものは何もない
I now shall soon know if this patient can be compelled to perform deeds he would shrink from in his normal waking state.	私にはすべてが可能だ
Can he be made to commit murder?	殺人さえもだ！
Obsessions.	誘惑
"I must know...	知るとする・・
I must understand his secret.	謎を知るとする・・
I must become Caligari!"	私はカリガリになるのだ
You must become Caligari	カリガリになれ！
You must become Caligari	カリガリになれ！
You must become Caligari	カリガリになれ！
CALIGARI	カリガリ！
CALIGARI	カリガリ！
CALIGARI	カリガリ！
End of Act 5	幕５終
Act 6	幕６
"The sleeper has been found dead in the ravine."	夢遊病者は谷間で死んでた
"Put down your mask - You are DOCTOR CALIGARI!"	ご用だ　神妙にしろ　カリガリ博士！
"From this day on this raving madman has not left his cell."	今では彼は鎖につながれた精神異常者だ
"See, there is Cesare. Do not let him prophesize for you, or you will die!"	チェザーレだ　彼の占いをうけると命はないぞ
"Jane, I love you - will you marry me?"	ジェーン　愛してる　結婚してくれない？
"We who are of royal blood may not follow the wishes of our hearts."	王家の血をひく私達に勝手は許されないわ
"You all think I am insane. It is not true. It is the director who is insane!"	僕じゃなくて
"He is Caligari! Caligari..."	彼がカリガリだ
"At last I recognise his mania. He believes me to be the mythical Caligari. But I think I know how to cure him now."	やはり彼は偏執狂だ 私を謎のカリガリ博士と信じている これで彼の治療が楽になった
THE END subtitles by humankebap	終わり
There is an old proverb which says:	昔の人は言っていた
Don't try to do two things at once and expect to do justice to both.	"二兎を追う者は一兎をも得ず"
This is the story of a boy who tried it.	しかし　この物語の主人公は あえてそれに挑戦した
While employed as a moving picture operator is a small town... theater he was also studying to be a detective.	彼は町の映画館に勤める 映写技師であり また同時に　探偵修業中の 身でもあった
How to be a detective.	"探偵学入門"
Say Mr. Detective before you clean up any mysteries, clean up this theater.	探偵さんよ！ 事件を始末する前に ゴミを始末してくれ
The girl in the case.	この物語のヒロイン
The girl's father had nothing to do so... he got a hired man to help him.	暇を持て余す彼女の父親と その使用人
1.00 $ Per Box.	"１ドル"
3.00 $ Per Box.	"３ドル"
The local sheik.	町の色男
I lost a dollar. Did you find it?	１ドル落ちてなかった？
Describe it.	どんなの？
I lost a dollar.	１ドルを―
I. Goldman  Co. -	"質屋"
How to be a detective.	"探偵術その１　全員を疑え"
It looks like a job for the police.	警察を呼んだほうが―
I'll take charge of this case and start by searching everybody.	待ってください 私が捜します
Hey!	おい　私は被害者だぞ
I. Goldman  Co.	"懐中時計　４ドル"
I'm sorry, my boy,... but we never want to see you in this house again.	悪いが　二度と この家に来ないでくれ
As a detective he was all wet, so he went back to see what he could do to his other job.	ずぶ濡れになった探偵は― もうひとつの仕事場へと戻った
Some one has stolen the pearls.	誰かが真珠を...
We are lost! He is sending for the world's greatest detective, Sherlock Jr.!	まずい　世界一の探偵が 来るぞ！
The crime-crushing criminologist	名探偵― _
Sherlock Jr.	名探偵― シャーロック・ジュニア登場
Don't bother to explain, this is a simple case for me.	説明はいらない 単純な事件だ
Poison.	"毒"
Pardon, sir. I think there is something in your drink.	失礼　何か妙なものが グラスに...
By the next day the master mind had completely solved the mystery... with the exception of locating the pearls and finding the thief.	翌日　探偵の頭の中で事件は すっかり解決していた ただし　真珠と犯人の発見は まだだった
His assistant: Gillette.	助手のジレット
A Gem who was Ever-Ready in a bad scrape.	くたびれてはいるが 優秀である
That's a detective. When he's dead I'll put you in there.	奴が死ねば　次はお前だ
And now I'll tell you where our little sweetie is this minute!	もうひとつ あの娘のことだが―
And she's waiting there for me.	お前を待ってるぜ
Be careful or one of us will get hurt.	安全運転で頼むよ
Street-closed.	"通行禁止"
I never thought you'd make it.	なかなかやるじゃないか
When you wish upon a star	輝く星に願いをかければ
Makes no difference who you are	どんな人の望みでも
Anything your heart desires Will come to you	いつの日かきっとかなうはず
If your heart is in your dream	いつも夢を追う人なら
No request is too extreme	どんな祈りも必ず届く
When you wish upon a star	輝く星に願いをかければ
As dreamers do	心の夢をかなえてくれる
Fate is kind	運命は やさしい女神
She brings to those who love	恋する者を訪れて
The sweet fulfilment of	胸に秘めた熱い思いを
Their secret longing	実らせてくれる
Like a bolt out of the blue	青空をさく稲妻のように
Fate steps in And sees you through	運命は突然に訪れて 心を見抜く
When you wish Upon a star	輝く星に願いをかければ
Your dreams Come true	どんな夢もいつの日か きっとかなう
Pretty, huh?	いい歌だ
I'll bet a lot of you folks don't believe that. About a wish coming true, do you?	"星が願いをかなえてくれる" あなたは信じますか？
Well, I didn't either.	私は信じています
Of course, I'm just a cricket singing my way from hearth to hearth... but...	ほんの歌うコオロギに すぎませんが
let me tell you what made me change my mind.	私の話を聞いてください
One night, a long time--	"昔 ある夜のこと..."
Pardon me. Wait 'til I, I fix this thing here.	失礼　ちょいとお待ちを
One night, a long time ago, my travels took me to a quaint little village.	昔 ある夜のこと 田舎町を通りかかりました
It was a beautiful night.	すてきな夜で
The stars were shining like diamonds... high above the roofs of that sleepy old town.	寝静まった町の上に 星がダイヤのように輝き
Pretty as a picture.	まるで絵のようでした
As I wandered along the crooked streets, there wasn't a soul to be seen.	曲がりくねった道に 人影はなく
The only sign of life was a lighted window... in the shop of a wood-carver named, uh, Geppetto.	明かりがひとつ ともるだけ それはゼペットさんの 仕事場でした
So, I hopped over.	窓に跳びのり
And looked in.	のぞくと―
It was a shame to see a nice cheerful fire like that going to waste.	暖炉の火が いかにも気持ちよさそうです
So what do I do?	どうするかな
I go in.	入ろう
I looked around.	まずは偵察
Of course, being in a strange place like that,	知らない家ですからね
I didn't know what to expect. A cricket can't be too careful, you know.	コオロギは用心深いのです
Soon as I saw there was no one about, I made myself at home.	誰もいない様子で ホッとしました
As I stood there warming my...	お尻...
myself, I took a look around.	いや 体を温めながら 見まわすと
Well, sir, you never saw such a place.	まるで おとぎの国でした
The most fantastic clocks you ever laid your eyes on. And all carved out of wood.	何とも楽しい時計がずらり みんな木彫りです
And cute little music boxes, each one a work of art.	かわいいオルゴールもあり
Shelf after shelf of toys and--	棚という棚におもちゃ
And then something else caught my eye.	特に目を引いたのは
A puppet!	人形でした
You know, one of those marionette things, all strings and joints.	糸で手足を動かす あやつり人形です
Cute little fella.	かわいいね
Ding, ding! Going up?	リンリン　上がるよ
Good piece of wood too.	いい木だ
Well, now.	さてと
It won't take much longer.	もうひと息だ
Just a little more paint and he's all finished.	あと少しで完成だ
I think he'll be all right.	きっといい子になるぞ
Don't you, Figaro?	なあ フィガロ
Um, huh, uh, beg pardon.	これは失礼
See? That makes a big difference.	見違えるようになった
Very good.	いいぞ
Very, very goo--	とてもいい
Well, you can't please everybody.	へそ曲がりもいるさ
Now, I have just the name for you.	名前はもう考えてある
Pinocchio!	ピノキオだ
Do you like it, Figaro?	どうだ　フィガロ
No?	だめ？
You do, don't you, Cleo?	クレオは賛成だね
Well, we'll leave it to little Woodenhead.	本人に決めさせよう
Do you like it?	どうだ
That settles it!	決まった
Pinocchio it is!	ピノキオだ
Come on, now, we'll try you out.	動かしてみよう
Music, Professor!	教授　音楽を
Ta-Ta-Take it easy there!	お手柔らかに
Oh, break it up, will you?	そりゃないよ
Lot of downbeats in there.	まいったね
Little Woodenhead Go play your part	踊れ　小さな木の坊や
Bring a littlejoy to every heart	みんなに喜びを与え
Little do you know and yet it's true	お前は何も知るまいが
That I'm mighty proud of you	わしの自慢の子供だよ
Little wooden feet and best of all	小さな木の手足
Little wooden seat in case you fall	転んでも平気な体
How graceful!	よく動く
My little Woodenhead	かわいい木の坊や
Cleo, meet Pinocchio.	クレオ　ピノキオだよ
Say, "How do you do?"	挨拶して
Say hello to Figaro.	フィガロにも
Up to mischief already.	もういたずらか
You see what happens?	ほら ごらん
Up we go!	おいで
You're a cute little fellow. And that smile? You know, I--	本当に かわいい子だ 笑顔がまたいい
You rascal.Jealous, huh?	こいつめ　やきもちか
You know, Pinocchio, I think Figaro is jealous of you.	フィガロが やきもちをやいてるぞ
Oh-ho, don't worry, Figaro. I sti-	心配するな　フィガロ
I wonder what time it is.	何時かな
It's getting late.	こんな時間か
Come, now. We go to bed.	寝るとしよう
Good night, Pinocchio.	おやすみ　ピノキオ
Little funny face.	また明日な
Good night, Cleo, my little water baby.	おやすみ クレオお嬢ちゃん
Figaro.	フィガロ
You say good night too.	おやすみは？
Go on.	早く
Now go to sleep, my little mermaid. Good night.	さあ 寝なさい わしの人魚姫
This is my idea of comfort.	私も横になろう
Solid comfort.	快適 快適
Look at him, Figaro.	あの子をごらん
He almost looks alive.	生きているようだ
Wouldn't it be nice if he was a real boy?	あれが本当の子供ならな
Come on. We go to sleep.	もう寝よう
Ah, Figaro.	フィガロ
I forgot to open the window.	窓を開けるのを忘れたよ
Oh, Figaro!	フィガロ　見ろ
Look, look! The wishing star!	願い星が出とる
Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight;	明るく輝く いちばん星よ
I wish I may, I wish I might... have the wish I make tonight.	どうか今夜のこの願いを かなえてください
Figaro, you know what I wish?	何を願ったと思う？
I wish that my little Pinocchio... might be a real boy.	ピノキオが本当の子に なるようにとさ
Wouldn't that be nice? Just think!	さぞ いいだろうな
A real boy!	本当の子なら
A very lovely thought.	そりゃいい
But not at all practical.	でも無理な話だ
A real... boy.	本当の... 子供
Quiet!	うるさい！
After all, enough's enough.	わかれば結構
Now what's up?	今度は何だ
Hey, what's going on here?	いったい何事だ
As I live and breathe, a fairy!	なんと妖精だ
Good Geppetto, you have given so much happiness to others.	ゼペット　あなたは人々に 幸せを与えました
You deserve to have your wish come true.	願いをかなえましょう
Little puppet made of pine, wake.	木のあやつり人形 起きなさい
The gift of life is thine.	命を授けます
What they can't do these days!	嘘みたい
I can move!	ぼく 動ける
I can talk!	話もできる
I can walk!	それに歩ける
- Yes, Pinocchio, I've given you life.	そうよ　命を授けたの
- Why?	なぜ？
Because tonight, Geppetto wished for a real boy.	ゼペットが そう願ったからよ
- Am I a real boy?	ぼく 本物の子供？
- No, Pinocchio. To make Geppetto's wish come true will be entirely up to you.	本物になれるかどうかは あなたしだい
- Up to me?	ぼくしだい？
- Prove yourself brave, truthful and unselfish,	勇敢で正直で 思いやりがあれば
- and someday you will be a real boy.	いつかなれるわ
- A real boy!	本物の子に？
That won't be easy.	楽じゃない
You must learn to choose between right and wrong.	善悪の区別を知るのね
Right and wrong?	善悪？
But how will I know?	どうすれば わかるの
- How will he know.	困ったね
- Your conscience will tell you.	良心に聞くの
- What are conscience?	良心って？
- What are conscience!	良心も知らないのか
I'll tell ya!	教えてやる
A conscience is that still small voice that people won't listen to.	良心は小さな声で 聞こえにくい
- That's just the trouble with the world today, you see?	それがこの世の問題だ
- Are you my conscience?	君が良心？
Who, me?	私が？
Would you like to be Pinocchio's conscience?	ピノキオの良心になる？
Well, w-- uh, I--	そんな まさか...
Very well. What is your name?	よかった　名前は？
Uh, oh, uh, Cricket's the name. Jiminy Cricket.	ジミニー･クリケット
- Kneel, Mr Cricket.	ひざまずいて
No tricks now.	こうですね
I dub you Pinocchio's conscience, lord high keeper of the knowledge of right and wrong, counsellor in moments of temptation... and guide along the straight and narrow path.	ピノキオの良心にします 善悪の区別を教え 誘惑を退けさせ まっすぐな道へ導きなさい
Arise, Sir Jiminy Cricket.	立って　クリケット卿
Say, that's pretty swell.	こりゃすごい
Gee... thanks.	ピッカピカだ
But, uh, don't I get a badge or something?	バッジか何かは？
- Well, we'll see.	そのうちね
- You mean maybe I will?	いただける？
- I shouldn't wonder.	そう思うわ
- Make it a gold one?	では金のを
Maybe.	たぶんね
Now, remember, Pinocchio, be a good boy.	では いい子になるのよ
And always let your conscience be your guide.	良心の教えを守りなさい
Goodbye, milady.	さようなら
Not bad, says I.	悪くないぞ
Oh, yeah. Ho-ho-ho. Almost forgot about you.	そうだ　君を忘れてた
Well, Pinoke.	ピノキオ
-Maybe you and I had better have a little heart-to-heart talk.	まず話しあっておこう なぜ？
- Well, you want to be a real boy, don't you?	本当の子になりたいか
All right.	よし
Sit down, son.	では掛けて
- Now, you see, the world is full of temptations.	この世には誘惑が多い
Yep. Temptations.	そう 誘惑だ
They're the wrong things that seem right at the time.	間違いなのに 正しく見えたり
But, uh, even though the right things may seem wrong sometimes, uh, sometimes the, the wrong things may be right at the wrong time.	正しくても 間違いに見えたり つまり間違いが... 正しかったり
Or, uh, visa versa.	逆も真なりさ
- Understand?	わかる？
But I'm gonna do right!	正しいことをするよ
Atta boy, Pinoke. And I'm gonna help you.	偉いぞ　私も手伝う
And anytime you need me, you know, just whistle... like this.	用がある時は口笛を こうだ
Like this?	こう？
No, no. Try it again, Pinoke.	だめ　もう一度
Like this?	こうかな
No, son.	なってない
Now, listen.	よく聞いて
That's it! Come on, now, let's sing it!	いいぞ　では一緒に歌だ
When you get in trouble and you don't know right from wrong	困った時は呼びなさい
Give a little whistle	口笛 吹いて
Give a little whistle	口笛 吹いて
When you meet temptation and the urge is very strong	誘惑に負けそうになったら
Give a little whistle	口笛 吹いて
Give a little whistle	口笛 吹いて
Not just a little squeak Pucker up and blow	口をすぼめて思い切り
-And if your whistle's weak, yell	うまく吹けなきゃ どなれ
-Jiminy Cricket?	ジミニー
Right! Take the straight and narrow path and if you start to slide	まっすぐな道から外れたら
Give a little whistle	口笛 吹いて
Give a little whistle	口笛 吹いて
And always let your conscience be your guide	いつでも良心が道案内
Take the straight and narrow path and if you start to slide	まっすぐな道から外れたら
Give a little whistle Yoo-hoo!	口笛 吹いて
Give a little whistle Whoo-hoo!	口笛 吹いて
And always let your conscience be your guide	いつでも良心が道案内
Look out, Pinoke!	危ない
- Who is there?	誰だ ぼくだよ
Oh, it's me.	お前か
Shh, Figaro.	フィガロ
There's somebody in here.	誰かいるぞ
Be careful now, Figaro.	用心しろ
He might spring out on us at any time.	いつ襲われるか
He's in here somewhere.	どこかにいる
Here I am!	ここだよ
Pinocchio.	ピノキオ
How did you get down here?	どうして床に？
- I fell down.	落ちたの
- Oh, you did.	そうか
You're talking!	しゃべったぞ
- N-N-N-No!	まさか
- Yes, and I can move too!	それに動ける
No, n-no, you, you can't-- I-I'm dreaming in my sleep.	信じられん こりゃ夢だ 目を覚まさなきゃ
Now we see who is dreaming.	夢かどうか見てやる
Go on. Say something.	話してごらん
Gee, you're funny.	面白かった
Do it again!	もう一度
- You do talk!	しゃべってる
- Yes, the Blue Fairy came--	そうさ　妖精が来て
- The Blue Fairy?	妖精？
- And I got a conscience.	良心もくれた
- A conscience!	良心？
And someday I'm gonna be a real boy!	いつか本当の子に なれるって
A real boy! It is my wish. It's come true!	願いがかなったんだ
Figaro, look!	見ろ
He- - He's alive. He can talk!	生きてる　しゃべってる
- Let's say hello to Figaro.	フィガロだよ
- Hello to Figaro.	よろしく
Oh, Cleo, I almost forgot.	クレオを忘れてた
Look! It's Pinocchio!	ごらん　ピノキオだ
She's my little water baby. Isn't she cute?	クレオは娘同然なんだ
Yeah, cute.	かわいい
This calls for a celebration.	お祝いをしなきゃ
Music!	音楽だ
You start one, Pinocchio.	お前も押して
Oh, boy.	パーティだ
Mind if I cut in?	私にも
How about sitting out the next one, babe, huh?	座って話さない？
Hey, whoa, let me out!	やめてくれ
Come, Cleo, join the party. Dance!	クレオも踊りなさい
Ooh, nice.	きれいだ
- Look!	見て　きれい
Pretty! - Oh! Help!	大変だ
Wh-Wh-Wh-Where's the bucket?	バケツだ
Help! Water! Where's the water?	水　水はどこだ
Here it is! I got it! Here's water!	水です　水はここです
Help!	水をくれ
That was close. Maybe we'd better go to bed... before something else happens.	危なかった 今日はもう寝るとしよう
Little man, you've had a busy night.	忙しい夜だった
Now, close your eyes and go to sleep.	さあ もう目をつぶって おやすみ
Why?	なぜ？
Oh, everybody has to sleep.	夜は誰でも眠るものだ
Figaro goes to sleep...	フィガロも眠る クレオも眠る　それに...
and Cleo... and, and besides, tomorrow you've got to go to school.	明日 お前は学校に行く
Why?	なぜ？
Oh, to learn things and-- and get smart.	いろんなことを勉強して 賢くなるんだ
Why?	なぜ？
- Because.	それは つまり...
- Oh, look, Father! Look! - Now, wait.	父さん　見て
Stand still now.	少し じっとして
- What are those?	あの子たちは？
Oh, those. They are your schoolmates.	同じ学校に通う子供たちだ
Girls and boys. Uh, no-now, get in--	男の子も女の子も
- Real boys?	本物の子供？
- Yes.	そうだ
But hurry now.	急いで
Oh, oh, wai-wai-wait!	ちょっと待て
Here's an apple for your teacher.	先生にあげるんだ
Now turn around... and let me look you over.	回ってよく見せてくれ
Oh, yeah, yeah. Here.	肝心な物を
Run along now.	さあ 行きなさい
Fig, wait! Come back here, Figaro.	お前は行くんじゃない
School is not for you.	お前はいいんだ
- Goodbye, Father.	行ってきます
- Goodbye, son. Hurry back.	まっすぐお帰り
Ah, Gideon, listen.	ギデオン　どうだ
The merry laughter... of little innocent children wending their way to school.	登校中の子供の あの楽しそうな声
Thirsty little minds rushing to the fountain of knowledge.	知識の泉へ急ぐ子供だ
School, a noble institution.	学校は大事なものだぞ
What would this stupid world be without--	この世に学校なくして...
Well, well, well! Stromboli!	見ろ　ストロンボリだ
So that old rascal's back in town, eh?	あの悪党 また町へ来たか
Remember, Gideon, the time I tied strings on you... and passed you off as a puppet?	お前に糸をつけ あやつり人形にしたのに
We nearly put one over on that old gypsy that time.	あと一歩のところで やつに見破られた
A little wooden boy.	木の子供だ
- A wooden boy!	木の子供！
Look, Giddy, look!	見ろよ　あれ
It's amazing. A live puppet without strings.	たまげたな 糸もないのに動いている
A thing like that ought to be worth a fortune to someone.	こりゃ ひと儲けできるぞ
Now let me see.	どうしたものか
That's it!	これだ
Stromboli! Why, that fat old faker would give his-	ストロンボリなら 礼も たんまり
- Listen.	聞け
If we play our cards right, we'll be on Easy Street, or my name isn't Honest John.	うまくやれば いい思いができるぞ 正直ジョンの腕の見せ場だ
Quick, we'll head him off.	先回りしよう
Now's our--	作戦は...
No, no, stupid.	だめだ
Don't be crude.	乱暴するな
Let me handle this.	俺に任せろ
Here he comes.	来たぞ
Ah, yes, Skinny, as I was saying to the Duchess only yesterday--	それで昨日 公爵夫人に...
Oh, how clumsy of me. Oh, my, my, my, my.	これはうっかりして
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.	何とも申し訳ない
Oh, I do hope you're not injured.	どこかケガは？
- I'm all right.	大丈夫
- Oh, splendid.	よかった
Well, well, hmm.	これは これは...
Quite a scholar, I see.	たいした勉強家だ
Look, Giddy, a man of letters.	見ろ　学者の先生だ
- Here's your book.	どうぞ
- I'm going to school.	学校へ行くの
School.	学校？
Ah, yes.	なるほど
Then you haven't heard of the easy road to success.	では成功への近道を 知らないな
- No?	やはり
I'm speaking, my boy, of the theatre.	教えよう ステージだ
Bright lights, music, applause, fame! Here's your apple.	返すよ
- Fame?	名声？
- Yes! And with that personality, that profile, that physique, why, he's a natural born actor, eh, Giddy?	君には特別な個性がある その顔　その体
- But I'm going--	でも...
- Straight to the top. Why, I can see your name in lights, lights six feet high. - Uh-	目に浮かぶよ 巨大なネオンに君の名
- What is your name?	名前は？
Pinocchio! P-I-N- - Eh, uh--	ピノキオか Ｐ−Ｉ−Ｎ...
We're wasting precious time. Come, on to the theatre.	時間が惜しい すぐ劇場へ行こう
Hi diddle dee dee An actor's life for me	ハイ ディ ドゥル ディ ディー ぼくはスター
A high silk hat and a silver cane A watch of gold with a diamond chain	シルクハットに 銀のステッキ
Hi diddle dee day An actor's life is gay	ハイ ディ ドゥル ディ デイ 面白おかしく
It's great to be a celebrity An actor's life for me	ライト浴びて 華麗な人生
Fine conscience I turned out to be. Late the first day.	ドジな良心だよ 初日から寝坊
Oh, well, he can't get in much trouble... between here and school.	でも学校は近いし 心配ないだろう
- Oh, boy, a parade!	パレードだ
Hi diddle dee dee An actor's life for me - Huh?	ハイ ディドゥル ディ ディー ぼくはスター
- A waxed mustache and a beaver coat - A pony cart and a billy goat Hi diddle dee dum	口ひげに毛皮のコート 馬車に乗り
- Why, it's-- it's Pinoke. Hey! - An actor's life is fun	ピノキオだ　どこへ行く
- You ride around in a coach and four	待て
- You stop and buy out a candy store	止まれ
- An actor's life for me - Hold on there! Pinoke!	行っちゃ だめだ
- What was that?	何だ
- Oh, it's Jiminy!	ジミニーだ
- Whatcha doin' up there? - Huh?	何してるの
Wha-Wha-Wha-What? Wha-- Who? Jiminy?	誰だって？
Up where?	どこに
Why, my boy, huh, you must be seeing things.	誰もいない　気のせいさ
Oh, no, that's my conscience. He--	彼 ぼくの良心なの
Now, now, now.Just calm down.	いいから気を静めて
Why, there's nothing up there to be afraid of.	怖いことなんか何もない
Over here.	ここだ
- Oh,Jiminy! - I'm going to be an actor.	ぼく スターになるんだ
- All right, son, take it easy now.	まあ 落ち着いて
Remember what I said about temptation?	誘惑の話をしたよね
- Well, that's him.	やつがそうだ
Oh, no,Jiminy, that's Mr Honest John.	違う　あれは正直ジョンだ
Honest John?	正直ジョン？
Get this thing off. Get me outta here!	ここから出せ！
All right then, here's what we'll tell 'em: You can't go to the theatre, say "Thank you just the same,"	いいね　劇場へは 行けないと言うんだ
you're sorry but you've got to go to school.	礼を言って やはり学校へ行くと
Here they come, Pinoke. Now, you tell 'em.	じゃ 断るんだぞ
Oh, little boy!	坊や
Ah, there you are!	いたいた
Now, where were we?	何だっけ　そうだ
Ah, yes, on to the theatre!	いざ劇場へ
Goodbye,Jiminy! Goodbye!	さよなら　ジミニー
- Goodbye? Huh? Goodbye?	さよなら？
- Hey, Pinoke, you can't-- - A high silk hat and a silver cane	ピノキオ　だめだ
- A watch of gold with a diamond chain - There he goes.	行っちまった
- Oh, what'll I do? I'll run and tell his father. - Hi diddle dee day	ゼペットさんに知らせるか
- No, that'd be snitching. I'll go after him myself.	良心として あとを追おう
Ladies and gentlemen, to conclude the performance of this great show,	さて世紀のショー　最後の 出し物をお贈りするのは―
Stromboli the Master Showman-- that's a-me-- and by special permission of the management-- that's a-me too-- is presenting to you something... you will absolutely refuse to believe.	偉大な興行師 ストロンボリ つまり わが輩 このスターを 発掘したのは座長で―
Well, looks like a sell-out.	大入り満員だ
Introducing the only marionette... who can sing and dance... absolutely without the aids of strings.	ご紹介しよう ２つとない 歌って踊る生きた人形だ １本の糸も使ってないよ
I hope so.	だが本当に大丈夫かね
The one and only Pinocchio!	世にもまれな人形　ピノキオ
Hmph! What a build-up.	大げさな紹介だ
I got no strings to hold me dow--	糸がなければ...
Go ahead, make a fool of yourself. Then maybe you'll listen to your conscience.	笑い者になれ 今に良心に泣きつくさ
Cute kid.	いい子いい子　頑張れよ
I got no strings to hold me down To make me fret or make me frown	糸がなければ 自由で気まま
I had strings but now I'm free There are no strings on me	ぼくも昔は 縛られていたけど
Heigh-ho the merry-o That's the only way to be	ハイホー　自由ほど いいものはない
I want the world to know Nothing ever worries me	石ころまでも 笑いかけてくる
I got no strings so I can have fun - What I told you, huh?	言った通りでしょ
They got strings but you can see There are no strings on me	みんなとは別 ぼくを操る糸はない
You have no strings Your arms is free To love me by the Zuider Zee	糸がないなら 一緒に出かけましょ
Ja, ja, ja If you would woo I'd bust my strings for you	ヤーヤーヤー 風車がきれいだわ
You got no strings Comme ci, comme ca Your savoir faire is ooo-la-la	糸がないなら ふるまいも優雅
I've got strings but entre nous I'd cut my strings for you	私も うっとり 糸が切れそう
Down where the Volga flows There's a Russian rendezvous	ヴォルガの岸辺は 恋人たちの場所
Where me and Ivan go But I'd rather go with you, hey	あなたと行きたい イワンを振って
There are no strings on me	ぼくは自由
Hmm, they like him. He's a success.	受けてるぞ　大人気だ
Gosh, maybe I was wrong.	予想は外れか
Well, guess he won't need me any more.	これで私はお払い箱だな
What does an actor want with a conscience anyway?	スターに良心は必要ない
What could have happened to him?	あの子に何があったんだ
Where could he be at this hour?	こんな時間までどこに
I'd better go out again and look for him.	もう一度 捜してみよう
And remember, nobody eats a bite until I find him.	あの子が戻るまでは 食べるなよ
I got-a no strings but I got-a the brain I buy a new suit and I swing-a the chain	俺さまに糸はない あるのは知恵よ
I eat-a the best and I drink-a champagne	飲み明かそうぜ 豪勢に
I got-a no strings on me	何でもしたい放題よ
- Bravo, Pinocchio!	ブラボー　ピノキオ
- They like me.	受けたね
Hmm, two hundred.	これで200
- You are sensational!	大評判よ
- Ya mean I'm good?	いいってこと？
Ahh, three hundred.	これで300
You are colossal!	大当たりだよ
Does that mean I'm an actor?	スターになれる？
Sure. I will push you in the public's eye.	もちろんだ 徹底的に しごいて
Your face, she will be on everybody's tongue.	その顔を世界に売ってやる
- Will she?	本当に？
What's this?	こりゃ何だ
For you, my little Pinocchio.	こいつはお前にやろう かわいい坊や
For me?	ぼくに？
Gee, thanks!	ありがとう
I'll run right home and tell my father.	帰って父さんに見せなきゃ
Home?	帰るだと？
Oh, sure. Going home to your father.	家に帰って親父に見せる？
Oh, that is very comical!	こいつは傑作だ
- Ya mean it's funny?	おかしい？
- Oh, sure! Yes.	ああ まったくだ
- I'll be back in the morning.	じゃ また明日
- Be back in the morning.	また明日だと？
Going home.	ふざけるな
There, this will be your home, where I can find you always.	入ってろ ここがお前の家だ 俺の目の届く所にいろ
To me you are belonging.	お前はもう俺のものだ
We will tour the world. Paris. London.	世界中を稼ぎまわるぞ パリ　ロンドン
Monte Carlo.	モンテカルロ
"Constantinopolee."	コンスタンティノープル
- No, no!	いや　いやだ
- Yes!	やるんだ！
We start tonight!	今夜 出発する
You will make lots of money... for me!	ガッポリ稼いでもらうぞ 俺のために
And when you are growing too old, you will make good... firewood!	年とって ふらついてきたら たたき割ってマキにする
Let me outta here! I gotta get out!	いやだ　家に帰る
Quiet!	うるさい
Shut-a up... before I knock-a you silly!	黙れ 静かにしないと張り倒すぞ
Good night, my little wooden gold mine.	おやすみ かわいい金のなる木
No! No, wait!	いやだ
Let me out! I'll tell my father!	出せ　父さんに 言いつけるぞ
Get along there.	それ行け
Jiminy! Oh,Jiminy!	ジミニー　助けて
Oh,Jiminy, where are ya?	どこにいるの
Jiminy Cricket!	ジミニー･クリケット
Well, there he goes, sitting in the lap of luxury, the world at his feet.	お別れだな スターになって 豪勢に暮らすがいいさ
Oh, well, I can always say I knew him when.	君を知ってたと自慢できる
I'll just go out of his life quietly.	このまま消えよう
I would like to wish him luck though.	挨拶もせずに？
Sure! Why not?	それはないよ
It's me, your old friend Jiminy, remember?	私だよ　まだ覚えている？
Jiminy! Gee, I'm glad to see ya!	ジミニー やっと来てくれた
What's happened?	どうした
- What did he do to ya?	なぜそこに？
- Oh, he was mad. He said he was gonna push my face in everybody's eye.	ぼくの顔を 世界中に売るんだって
- A-A-And just 'cause I'm a gold brick, he-he's gonna chop me into firewood!	稼げなくなったら マキにされるの
Oh, is that so?	本当か
Now, don't you worry, son. I'll have you out of here in no time at all.	心配するな すぐに出してやる
Why, this is-- eh, just as easy as... rollin' off a--	こんな錠 簡単さ
Kind of rusty.	さびてる
- Needs a little oil!	油をささないと
That's what I said.	私の声？
Must be one of the old models.	型が古いらしい
You mean, you can't open it?	開かないの？
Yeah.	ああ
Looks pretty hopeless. It'll take a miracle to get us out of here.	奇跡でも起きなきゃ 出られないよ
A fine conscience I turned out to be.	だらしのない良心だね
I should've listened to you,Jiminy.	ぼくがいけないんだ
No, it was my fault. I shouldn't have walked out on you.	悪いのは 君を放っておいた私だ
Guess I'll never see my father again.	もう父さんに会えないね
Oh, buck up, son. It could be worse.	命はあるんだ　元気をだせ
Be cheerful, like me.	さあ 笑って 私みたいに
Aw, take it easy, son.	泣くんじゃないって
Come on, blow.	鼻をかんで
Thatta boy.	それでいい
Oh, well, it stopped raining anyway.	ごらん 雨もやんだ
Hey, that star again!	例の星だ
Uh, the lady, the-	あのレディ...
- The fairy!	妖精の
- What'll she say?	怒られる
- What'll I tell her?	どう言おう
- You might tell her the truth.	正直に言うんだ
- Why, Pinocchio.	ピノキオ
- Uh, eh, hello!	こんばんは
Sir Jiminy!	ジミニー卿まで
Uh, this is a-- a pleasant surprise.	思いがけない所で
Pinocchio, why didn't you go to school?	学校はどうしたの
- School?	学校？
- Go ahead, tell her.	正直に言え
I was going to school 'til I met somebody.	行く途中で会ったの
- Met somebody?	誰に？
Uh, two big monsters... with big green eyes!	２匹の怪獣に 目が緑色の
- Why, I- - I--	怪獣？
- Weren't you afraid?	怖かったでしょ
- No, ma'am. But they tied me in a big sack.	大きな袋に入れられた
You don't say! And where was Sir Jiminy?	大変　ジミニー卿は？
Oh,Jiminy?	ジミニー？
Hey, psst! Leave me outta this.	私は知らんぞ
They put him in a little sack.	小さな袋に
- No!	まさか
- Yeah!	本当です
- How did you escape?	逃げたの？
- I didn't.	いいえ
They chopped me into firewood.	マキにされたの
Oh, look! My nose!	見て　ぼくの鼻が
What's happened?	どうして
Perhaps you haven't been telling the truth, Pinocchio.	たぶん嘘をついたからよ
- "Perhaps"?	たぶん？
- Oh, but I have, every single word.	本当だよ 何もかも
Oh, please help me! I'm awful sorry.	助けて 嘘ついて ごめんなさい
You see, Pinocchio, a lie keeps growing and growing... until it's as plain as the nose on your face.	嘘はどんどん大きくなって その鼻のように 隠せなくなるのよ
She's right, Pinoke. You better come clean.	その通りだ　謝れ
I'll never lie again. Honest, I won't.	二度と嘘はつきません
Please, Your Honor-- Uh, uh, I mean, Miss Fairy. Give him another chance, for my sake.	閣下　いえ妖精さま もう一度チャンスを
Will ya, huh?	私からも お願い では今度だけ
I'll forgive you this once. But remember, a boy who won't be good might just as well be made of wood.	でもいい子にならないと 木の人形のままよ
- We'll be good, won't we? - We'll be good, won't we?	きっとなります
Very well. But this is the last time I can help you.	本当にこれきりですよ
Gee, look,Jiminy, my nose!	見て　引っ込んだ
Hey, we're free! Come on, Pinoke!	それに自由だ　行こう
I got no strings on me - Toodle-ooo, Stromboli.	あばよ
- Goodbye, Mr Strombo-- Shh!	さよなら
Quiet! Let's get outta here before something else happens.	行こう　長居は無用だ
Hi diddle dee dee An actor's life for me	ハイ ディドゥル ディ ディー ぼくはスター
A high silk hat and a silver cane A watch of gold with a diamond chain	金時計にダイヤの鎖も ばっちり
Hi diddle dee day An actor's life is gay	ハイ ディドゥル ディ デイ 面白おかしく
It's great to be a celebrity An actor's life for me	ライト浴びて 華麗な人生
And the dummy fell for it... hook, line and sinker!	おめでたいね あっさり釣られた
And he still thinks we're his friends.	俺たちをまだ友達と 思ってるぞ
And did Stromboli pay... plenty!	金も せしめた たんまりな
That shows you how low Honest John will stoop, eh, Giddy?	正直ジョンの腕は こんなものだ だろう？
Now, uh, coachman, what's your proposition?	馬車屋のだんな 話って何だ
Well, how would you blokes like to make some real money?	まとまった金を 稼ぎたくはないか
Well! And who do we have to, eh--	危ない相談かな 例えばこんな...
No, no! Nothing like that.	そんな物騒な話じゃない
You see--	いいか
I'm collecting stupid little boys.	悪い子供を集めるだけだ
- Stupid little boys?	悪い子供？
- You know, the disobedient ones what play hookey from school.	言うことを聞かず 学校をサボる子供さ
- And you see...	そして...
And I takes 'em to Pleasure Island!	"おもしろ島"へ連れていく
Ah, Pleasure Island.	おもしろ島ね
Pleasure Island?	おもしろ島！
But the law, suppose they--	警察に知れたら...
No, no. There is no risk.	そんな危険は まったくなしだ
They never come back... as boys!	戻ってくる時は... 姿が違う
Now, I've got a coach load leaving at midnight. We'll meet at the crossroads, and no double-crossing!	出発は真夜中 十字路で待ち合わせよう
- No, sir.	裏切るなよ
- Scout around, and any good prospects you find, bring 'em to me.	見込みのある子供を 捜して連れてこい
- Yes, Chief. - I'll pay you well. - I got plenty of gold.	金はある 礼は はずむぞ
No, sir, nothing can stop me now. I'll make good this time.	もう心配ないよ きっといい子になる
- You'd better.	偉いぞ
- I will. I'm going to school.	学校へも行く
- That's the stuff, Pinoke.	その意気だ
- I'd rather be smart than be an actor.	スターより賢い子がいい
Now you're talkin'!	いいぞ
Come on, slowpoke, I'll race ya home.	じゃ 家まで競走だ
Well, well, Pinocchio. What's your rush?	これはピノキオ 何をあわてている
I gotta beat Jiminy home.	競走してるの
Oh, hello.	君か
Well, how is the great actor?	大スターはどうだ
I don't wanna be an actor. Stromboli was terrible. - He was?	やめたよ ひどい目にあった
- Yeah, he locked me in a bird cage--	ほんと？ 鳥カゴに入れられた
- He did?	まさか
- Uh-huh, but I learned my lesson. - I'm going--	でも目が覚めた　だから...
- Oh, you poor, poor boy. You must be a nervous wreck.	かわいそうにノイローゼか
That's it, you are a nervous wreck!	間違いない
We must diagnose this case at once.	即刻 診察の必要あり
Quick, Doctor, your notebook.	助手　カルテだ
Bless my soul.	絶対おかしい
My, my.Just as I thought.	いやはや　思った通りだ
A slight touch of monetary complications... with bucolic semi-lunar contraptions of the flying trapezes.	軽い金欠病に 神経バラバラ症だ
Say "hippopotamus."	"ヒポポタマス"と言って
- I knew it!	やはりだ
Compound transmission of the pandemonium with percussion... and spasmodic frantic disintegration.	組織ピクピク症に ガタガタ症も併発
- Close your eyes. What do you see?	目をつぶれ　見えるか
- Nothing.	何も
-Open them. Now what do you see?	開けろ　今度は？
-Spots. Aha!	点々
Now that heart.	心臓は？
Ooh, my goodness!	こりゃいかん
A palpitating syncopation of the killer diller... with the wicky wacky stomping of the floy joy.	ドキドキ２拍子すごい音 タップ踏んで跳びはねる
Quick, Doctor, that report.	助手　カルテを
Ooh, this makes it perfectly clear!	これで はっきりした
My boy, you are allergic.	君の病気はアレルギーだ
- Allergic?	アレルギー？
- Yes, and there is only one cure.	治療法は ただひとつ
- A vacation on Pleasure Island!	おもしろ島でバケーション
- Pleasure Island?	おもしろ島？
Yes, that happy land of carefree boys... where every day is a holiday!	仲間が大勢 楽しい島だ 毎日が日曜日
- But I can't go. I--	でも行けない
- Why, of course you can go.	行けるとも
I'm giving you my ticket.	俺の切符をやろう
- Here.	どうぞ
- Thanks! But I'm--	ありがとう　でも...
Oh, tut-tut-tut-tut, I insist. Your health comes first.	遠慮するな 君の健康が第一だ
Come, the coach departs at midnight.	行こう　出発は真夜中だ
Hi diddle dee dee It's Pleasure Isle for me	ハイ ディドゥル ディ ディー 楽しい島
Where every day is a holiday And kids have nothing to do but play	毎日が日曜日 遊んで暮らそう
- Pinoke! - Hi diddle dee dee	ピノキオ
Oh, Pinoke? Now where do you suppose he-	どこへ行ったんだ
Pinocchio! Hey! Come back!	ピノキオ　戻れ
Well, here we go again.	やれやれ こりないね
My name's Lampwick.	俺はランピー
What's yours?	お前は？
Pinocchio.	ピノキオ
- Ever been to Pleasure Island?	前にも島へ？
- Uh-uh, but Mr Honest John gave me--	正直ジョンが...
Me neither, but they say it's a swell joint. No school, no cops.	いい所らしいな 学校も警察もなし
You can tear the joint apart, and nobody says a word.	何をぶっ壊しても いいってさ
- Honest John gave me--	この切符...
- Loaf around, plenty to eat, plenty to drink. - And it's all free! - Honest John--	遊んで 飲んで 食って 金要らずで やり放題
Boy, that's the place. I can hardly wait!	天国だ　待ちきれないぜ
Right here, boys! Right here!	さあ おいで
Get your cake, pie, dill pickles and ice cream.	ケーキにパイ アイスクリーム
Eat all you can. Be a glutton. Stuff yourselves.	何でも好きなだけ 食べてくれ
It's all free, boys. It's all free. Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!	お金は要らないよ
The Rough House. The Rough House. It's the roughest, toughest joint ya ever seen.	ケンカ小屋だよ 殴る蹴るの大騒動
-Come in and pick a fight, boys.	さあ 仲間入りを
-Oh, boy, a scrap!	ケンカだって
Come on, let's go in and poke somebody in the nose.	誰か ぶっ飛ばそうぜ
- Why?	なぜ？
- Ah, just for the fun of it.	スッとするだろ
Okay, Lampy.	よしきた
Tobacco Road. Tobacco Road. Get your cigars, cigarettes and chewing' tobacco.	タバコ通りだよ 葉巻 紙巻き かみタバコ
Come in and smoke your heads off. There's nobody here to stop you.	どれだけ吸っても 怒られないよ
There's somethin'... phoney about all this. I gotta get him outta here.	妙な所だ　連れ出さなきゃ
Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry! See the model home.	さあ 大邸宅を 好きに壊してくれ
It's open for destruction, and it's all yours, boys! It's all yours!	みんなのものだ　ぶっ壊せ
What'd I tell ya? Ain't this a swell joint?	どうだ　感動的だろ
Yeah! Bein' bad's a lot of fun, ain't it?	悪いことをするって 楽しいね
Yeah, uh-huh. Get a load of that stained-glass window.	そうとも　あの窓を見てな
All right now, hop to it, you blokes.	ここらでお開きだ
Come on, come on! Shut the doors and lock 'em tight.	さあ 門を閉めて錠を下ろせ
Now get below and get them crates ready.	下へ行って箱の用意だ
Give a bad boy enough rope and he'll soon make a jackass of himself.	したい放題すりゃ ロバになるんだ
Where is everybody?	みんな どこだ
The place is like a graveyard. I don't like the looks of this.	まるで墓場だ 様子がおかしいぞ
Pinocchio!	ピノキオ
Hey, where are you?	どこにいる
Where d'you suppose all the kids went to, Lampwick?	みんな どこに行ったのかな
Ah, they're around here somewheres. What do you care?	その辺だろ　ほっとけ
- You're having a good time, ain't ya?	お前 楽しいだろ
- Uh-huh, I sure am.	もちろんさ
Oh, boy! This is the life, huh, Pinoky?	これが人生だ　違うか
Yeah!	ほんと
It sure is!	まったくよ
Ah, you smoke like me grandmother!	バアさんみたいだ
Come on, take a big drag like this.	グッと吸い込むんだ 見てな
Some fun, huh, kid?	きくだろ？
Okay, Slats, your shot.	よし　お前の番だ
What's the matter, Slats? Losin' your grip?	どうした　降参か
Pinocchio!	ピノキオ！
So this is where I find you.	こんな所に
How do you ever expect to be a real boy?	これで本当の子に？
Look at yourself.	なんてざまだ
Smoking, playing pool!	葉巻
Ow!	玉突き
You are coming right home with me this minute! Hey!	今すぐ帰るんだ
Who's the beetle? Let go!	この虫は？
Put me down!	下ろせ
Let me out of here. Let me out!	こら　下ろせったら
He's my conscience. He tells me what's right and wrong.	善悪を教える良心だよ
What?	何だって
You mean to tell me you take orders from a grasshopper?	バッタに命令されるのか
Grasshopper?	バッタ？
Look here, you, you impudent young pup!	生意気な小僧め
It wouldn't hurt you to take orders from your grasshopp--	お前も少しはバッタ...
Uh, uh... your conscience, if you have one.	良心に従ってみろ
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. Screwball in the corner pocket.	はいよ　穴にストンだ
- Why- - Ya young hoodlum! I'll-	私を怒らせたな その気なら相手になろう
Why, I'll take you apart and put you back together.	バラバラにしてやるぞ
Oh, don't hurt him,Jiminy. He's my best friend.	やめてよ　彼は親友なんだ
- Your best friend?	親友？
And what am I? Just your conscience.	では私は何だ ただの良心か
Okay, that settles it.	結構　好きにしろ
- B-But,Jiminy--	でも...
- You buttered your bread, now sleep in it.	悪に染まればいい
Go on, laugh. Make a jackass out of yourself.	勝手に笑え　まるでロバだ
I'm through! This is the end.	私は手を引く　終わりだ
But,Jiminy, Lampwick says a guy only lives once.	ランピーが "人生は一度"って
Lampwick. Hmph!	あきれたね
Come on, come on. Let him go.	ほっときな　行かせろよ
Hmph, Lampwick!	何がランピーだ
Burns me up. After all I tried to do for him.	頭にくる さんざん苦労させて
Who's his conscience anyway? Me or that, that hoodlum Lampwick?	誰がお前の良心だ 私かランピーか
I've had enough of this. I'm taking the next boat out of here.	もういい　次の船で帰る
Open up that door! Open up! I wanna go home!	開けろ　家へ帰るんだ
Come on, you blokes! Keep 'em moving!	どんどん積み込め
Lively there now. We haven't got all night.	じきに夜が明けちまうぞ
Where'd all the donkeys come from?	どこからロバが
Come on, come on. Let's have another.	急げ　次だ
And what's your name?	お前の名前は？
Okay, you'll do!	合格だ
In you go!	入れ
You boys'll bring a nice price.	いい値で売れそうだ
All right, next!	よし　次だ
- And what might your name be?	お前は何て名だ？
- Alexander.	アレキサンダー
Hmm, so you can talk.	まだ しゃべれるな
Ye-Yes, sir.	はい
I wanna go home to my mama!	ママの所へ帰りたい
Take him back! He can still talk!	戻しとけ　しゃべれる
Please, please! I don't wanna be a donkey! - Let me outta here!	ロバなんか いやだ ここから出して
- Quiet!	うるさい！
You boys have had your fun. Now pay for it.	子供だからって 好き勝手した報いだ
"Boys"?	子供か
So that's what-- Pinocchio!	そうなのか ピノキオ
Ha!	ふざけた虫だ
To hear that beetle talk, you'd think somethin' was going to happen to us.	罰が当たるとさ
Conscience.	良心？
Nah, phooey!	笑わせるな
Where does he get that stuff? "How do you ever expect to be a real boy?"	本当の子がどうとか 何の話だ
What's he think I look like, a jackass?	俺の顔のことも... ロバだと
You sure do!	ほんとだ
Hey, you laugh like a donkey.	ロバそっくりだったぜ
Did that come out of me?	俺の声か
What the- - What's goin' on?	これは何だ
I've been double-crossed! Help! Help!	いっぱい食わされた 助けてくれ
I've been framed! Help!	だまされたんだ
Please, you gotta help me. Oh, be a pal.	助けてくれよ　友達だろ
Call that beetle! Call anybody!	誰か呼んでくれ
Mama!	母ちゃん
- Oh, what's happened?	ぼくもだ
- I hope I'm not too late.	間に合うかな
What'll I do?	どうしよう
-Jiminy! Oh,Jiminy, help!	ジミニー　助けて
Wait, Pinoke! The kids, the boys, they're all donkeys!	逃げよう みんなロバにされた
Oh, you too!	君もか
Come on, quick! Before you get any worse.	急げ　手遅れになる
This way, Pinoke. It's the only way out.	逃げ道はこっちだ
Hurry up... before they see us.	早く 見つかるぞ
You gotta jump!	飛び込め
Jiminy.	ジミニー
Jiminy, y-you all right?	大丈夫？
Sure.	もちろん
I thought we'd never make it.	危機一髪だった
Certainly feels good to be back on... dry land.	地面の上はいい 乾いてて
Come on, let's get home.	家へ帰ろう
Father! Father, I'm home!	父さん　ただいま
- We're home, Mr Geppetto!	戻りました　ゼペットさん
- It's me, Pinocchio! - I'm home to stay!	もうどこにも行かない
- Here he is, Mr Geppetto. Home at last.	やっと戻りましたよ
Hey, maybe he's asleep.	眠ってるんだ
Father! Father, it's me!	父さん　ぼくだよ
Pinoke, come here.	ピノキオ　ここへ
Look.	ごらん
He ain't here.	いない
He- - He's gone.	どこへ行ったんだろ
Yeah, and Figaro.	フィガロも
And Cleo too.	クレオもだ
Maybe something awful happened to him.	何か恐ろしいことが あったんだ
Don't worry, son, he probably hasn't gone far.	大丈夫　きっと近くにいるよ
- It's a message.	手紙だ
- What's it say?	どんな？
- It's about your father.	父さんのこと
- Where is he?	どこなの
Why, uh, uh, it says here he, uh, he went looking for you and, uh, uh, he was swallowed by a whale.	これによると... 君を捜しに出て クジラに のまれた
A- - A whale?	クジラ！
- A whale named Monstro. - Oh, he's--	"怪物クジラ"だ
Uh, but, but wait. He's alive.	でも生きている
- Alive? Where?	どこで
- Why, uh, uh, inside the whale at the, at the bottom of the sea.	海の底のクジラの腹の中
- Bottom of the sea?	海の底だね
Where you going?	どこへ
I'm going to find him.	捜しに行く
But, Pinoke, are you crazy? Don't you realize, uh, he's in a whale?	そんな無茶な クジラの腹の中だぞ
I've gotta go to him.	助けなきゃ
Hey, Pinoke, wait! Listen here, son.	待て　話を聞きなさい
But this Monstro, I've heard of him.	その怪物クジラだが
He's a whale of a whale. Why, he swallows whole ships alive.	クジラの王様で 船も丸ごと のむんだ
Tie it good and tight now.	きつく結んで
And besides, it's dangerous. - Why, I--	しかも すごく凶暴で...
- Bye,Jiminy.	さよなら
I may be live bait down there, but I'm with ya.	餌になるなら一緒にだ
Come on, let's go.	行くぞ 出発
Look out below!	下の連中　落ちるぞ
Gangway, down there.	道をあけて
Gee, what a big place.	なんて広いんだろう
- Come on,Jiminy.	行こう
- All right. Soon as I take on some ballast.	まず重しをつけないと
One side, sister.	行きな　お嬢さん
Well, so long.	またね
Hmm, put it in the wrong end.	重しが悪いの
Hmph, no more privacy than a goldfish.	見ないでほしいな
Ooh, chilly.	冷たい
Father!	父さん
Hey, Pinoke, wait for me!	ピノキオ　待ってくれ
Father!	父さん
Father!	父さん
Huh, he ain't my father.	"父さん"は変だな
Uh, Mr Geppetto!	ゼペットさん
Hey, what the--	何だよ
Hey, le-- let go!	こら　放せ
Run along, ya little... squirt.	行けったら こいつ
What's the matter? Can't a fellow, uh-	何だよ　私はただ...
We were only looking for Monstro.	怪物クジラを捜してる
That got 'em.	すごい威力
Father!	父さん
Oh, hello.	やあ
Uh... can you tell me where we can find Monstro?	怪物クジラはどこ
Gee, they're scared.	そんなに怖いの？
Uh, pardon me, pearl, are you acquainted with Monstro the whale?	ちょいとお邪魔を 怪物クジラをご存じで？
Whoa, hold it there.	ストップ
One side there, son.	どいて
Come on, boys, break it up.	さあ 解散だ
Break it up now.	行くんだ
Hey, what the--	何だよ　こら
Whoa, quit, quit, quit shoving now.	止まれ　君たち
Don't crowd. Now take it easy. Take it easy there.	そんなに迫るなよ
Steady there, Nellie.	止まれ
Go ahead, Pinoke, ask them.	さあ 聞いてごらん
Could any of you tell me where to find Monstro?	怪物クジラはどこ
Uh, sakes alive.	たまげた
Not a bite for days.	もう何日も獲物なし
We can't hold out much longer.	これではわしらも長くない
I never thought... it would end this way, Figaro.	こんな最期を迎えるとは 思ってもみなかった
Starving to death... in the belly of a whale.	飢え死にだ クジラの腹の中で
My poor little Pinocchio.	かわいそうなピノキオ
He was such a good boy.	いい子だったのに
It's hopeless, Figaro.	やはり だめだ
There isn't a fish left.	取り尽くしたんだ
If the monster doesn't wake up soon, I--	怪物が目を覚まさないと―
I'm afraid we-- We are done for.	わしらは おしまいだ
Here they come!	やって来たぞ！
Tuna! Oh, tuna fish!	マグロだ　マグロの大群だ
Food! We'll eat!	食べ物だ
Here's a big one!	でかいぞ
Keep them in there, Figaro!	箱に入れろ　フィガロ
Hey!	待って
Wait a minute! Ha-Have you seen--	待って　聞くことが
Monstro!	怪物クジラだ
We got to get out of here!	逃げなきゃ
Come on, Pinoke. Don't wait for me.	私に構うな　逃げろ
Never saw so many!	すごい数だ
Here's another one!	また１匹
Enough for weeks!	当分食える
Here's a big one.	大物だ
Keep them in there, Figaro!	箱に入れておけよ
