Ah, this is greasy. I want to eat kimchee.	好想要吃泡菜
Is Chae Yoon's coordinator in here?	崔允的造型师在吗
Excuse me, aren't you Chae Yoon's coordinator?	请问一下 你是不是崔允的造型师
Yes. Me?	我吗
-Chae Yoon is done singing.	崔允已经唱完了
This lady right next to me... everyone knows who she is right?	这位小姐是谁 我想大家都知道吧
She is my forever idol...she is my rival whom I can never win against, she is the one who always makes me happy, and she is my mother.	她是我永远的偶像 也是我无法击倒的对手 她是令我怦然心动的恋人
Everyone should remember my mom as one of the greatest movie stars, but instead of becoming an actress, she wanted to become a singer just like me.	也许在各位的记忆里 我母亲 她是曾经红极一时的女演员
When I was stressed and exhausted, she'd always sing me a song while having me on her lap.	而是像我一样当歌手 当我感到累还有疲倦的时候 每一次她都让我
Today, I would like to share that moment with everyone.	然后为我唱一首歌 今天我想要 特别和各位
Watch out! Watch Out!	武赫...
You cannot work yourself out.	医生他没有跟你说...
You're not normal.	武赫
In your head, there is still a bullet left.	你终于回来了
Didn't you hear it from the doctor...	我就知道会这样
You're back, are you?	回韩国去
I knew you would be.	这里面有机票跟几件衣服 还放了让你一辈子
...I knew you would.	都花不完的美金
Go to Korea.	你快走今天晚上的飞机
I packed your airplane ticket, some clothes and enough money to last you till you die.	如果回家你会没命 杰生他想要杀掉你
Hurry up and go.	刚才那部车也是杰生派来的 你住的房子
It's this evening's flight.	现在可能已经被杰生给烧掉了
Jason is trying to kill you.	我现在也只能这么做
That car a while ago was sent by Jason.	真的很抱歉武赫
He burned all the pictures we've taken together.	你救了我们的生命
I'm sorry that this is what I can do for you.	他要我死 我就死啊
You saved our lives, but I can only do this for you and I'm very sorry.	死也要回韩国去死 与其在这里惨死 不如回到自己的国家
If he kills me, then I'll die.	回到那里再死武赫
Go to our country and die, Moonhyuk.	我会死吗
Oh poison!	将我的心当作刀鞘 就此让我死吧
You tasted this and died. Oh careless love!	将我带到罗密欧的身边
Why die and not a drop of poison left for me?	你应该马上进军演艺圈的
Oh sword...	你一定会得到最佳最主角的
My heart be the dagger's sheath.	哪时候来的 你不是说需要三十分钟吗
Let me to death!	妹妹
Lead me to Romeo.	现在你应该进军世界舞台了 我们去电视台
Let's have you come out as an entertainer.	拿走一份目录
You might get nominated for an academic award. When did you come?	不要混水摸鱼认真工作
I thought it would take about 30 minutes.	我走了 总不能一辈子
Hey sister...	都当小允的造型师吧
I think it's time for you to come out to the world.	根据我的判断 你真的很有潜力
Let's go to the studio.	不是因为你是我的妹妹
I'll be your manager.	或许啦你是比不上姜敏珠
A customer came to buy a laundry machine and took a catalogue.	可是我觉得你... 有几两重我自己最清楚
Stop fooling around and do a great job!	该担心的是你
I'm going.	为了安插这份工作还麻烦小允
How long will you keep suffering inside to be Yoon's coordinator?	你知不知道啊
I think you have the potential to be great. I'm not saying just because I'm your sister.	如果再被炒鱿鱼
Well you might not be good as Kang Min Joo...but you...	强哥
I know myself more than you.	你说小允吗
You do well.	好知道了我马上过去
Do you know how hard it was for me to get you employed here with the help of Yoon.	小允那个家伙他又闯祸啦
If you get fired...	我们恩彩一分一秒都没得休息
Yoon?	妹妹我也闯祸了
Okay. I'll be there soon.	他叫我只要做到今天
What did Yoon do now?	明天开始不要来了
Seriously there's not a day where you can just relax.	真是没良心的老板
I'm going to go. See you at home. - Okay, go.	天啊真是正点
I also had an accident.	如果他有钱真希望可以嫁给他 超正点的
They told me to work only today and not come back from tomorrow.	车武赫先生被领养
My swearing boss said.	是千真万确的事吧
He's handsome.	那么对于你母亲还有对韩国
If he were rich, how great that would be.	应该没有什么记忆了
Ah, he's handsome.	没错我都不记得了
Cha Moonhyuk, it is true that you were adopted right?	希望各位观众能够谅解 车武赫先生虽然很会说国语
Yes.	但是呢 他还没有学会适当的遣词用字
You must not have memories of your mother or the country Korea.	各位应该可以谅解吧 可以... 希望大家能够体谅
I don't remember anything.	车武赫先生请
I hope everyone forgives cha moonhyuk's speaking.	麻烦到前面来 麻烦你过来这边
He didn't learn the proper speaking of Korean	为了能够顺利找到家人
I hope everyone understands him. Yes, let's bring Cha Moonhyuk on stage.	所携带的东西之类的
to find your family, is there any special things you can do or have anything that was given to you before you were adopted.	车先生 车武赫先生 我们这是现场的节目
We're on live right now.	这就是你当初被领养的时候
This must be a remembered necklace.	不知道 好 能不能对着我们的摄影机
So is this what you had when you were adopted?	展示一下这条项链 大钏哥那条项链很漂亮吧 哪里买的呢
When and how did you get it?	好偈不是国内生产的
-Don't know.	下车去帮我问问看
Can you please show it in front of the camera.	那条项链到底是在哪里买的 大钏哥
That necklace is pretty. Where did I see that.	去帮我问问看好不好
It doesn't seem like a necklace from here.	是...
Can you get out and ask the lady where she got that necklace?	小姐 请问一下
Can you ask?	是天然的还是养殖的
Yes, yes ma'am.	这个式样并不常见
Is that platinum or silver?	戒指的内侧有刻字皮皮...
Put it back on!	不要我要看蜡笔小新 等一下只看一分钟
We have to keep watching so we can find you're family.	不要
No... I'm going to watch 'Janggoo'. Wait a second.	我要看蜡笔小新
I'm going to watch 'janggoo'.!	转回去蜡笔小新金带鱼
After reading this, he disappeared during the rehearsal.	我出去找找看好了
A woman is is the way... (he misreads)	他在干什么
To a woman... haht..hah'....	你这个叔叔好没知识 跟傻瓜一样连这个都不念
You're dumb, how can you not know how to read korean?	你为什么打我的小孩
Hey, where are you hitting my child?	来我们走
What a strange man.	神经
Are you okay? Oh, saeng ni eh sae.	好奇怪
I love you. The only thing I love is you.	卡好下一幕
You know right?	谢谢来准备一下
What the heck is that?	先生
Go and see.	先生我们现在正在拍片
We're in the middle of shooting can you please be quiet?	怎么会有这种浑球
Please help us.	你没看到我们在拍片吗
Sorry.	真的很抱歉...
what kind of person is this!	先生我来解决这件事情
HEY!	你先过去那边
Can't you see we're shooting?	我马上让他安静
Sorry! I'll try to solve the problem.	不好意思
Open the door!	小允你不要这样嘛
Yoon, please don't do this.	拜托你拜托你不要这样
Please,	万一被记者看到那怎么办
Please don't do this.	总是若即若离
What are you going to do if reporters see this. I don't get it.	我永远都没有办法拥有她
I seriously don't understand that girl.	我快被逼疯了
"Am I your servant?"	你不想活了
Studio?	制作人
Chae Moonhyuk.	走吧
Nice to meet you.	好难喝
Let's go.	我要喝你的
No, I want to drink this.	不对我的是可乐
-Mom, you order that one.	看了节目之后 那个小男孩就打电话来了
I ordered the Coke No, I orderd the cola.	他说他妈妈有一条
-After watching the show, that little boy gave us a call..	跟你一模一样的项链
He told us that his mother has the same exact looking necklace as yours.	不可以 可乐是我的 这是我的啦
It's mine!	可乐是我的给我
It's because my mom had an accident along time ago.	所以才会这样
At age seven, a grandpa told me that she got hit by a trunk infront of a church and hurt her head.	在孤儿院门口被卡车撞到 才会变成这样
This... read it.	这个念念看
Read what's incribed in your ring.	把你戒指里面的字念出来
Don't know.	不会
Can't your mother read?	是连字都看不懂的傻瓜吗
Is your mom stupid to read words?	都那么大了还不识字
-She's not stupid.	怎么可能不是傻瓜
If she can't read, how is she not stupid?	她是因为还没全部学会 至少前面七个注音
It's because she hasn't learned all the alphabet. She can read up to gah, nah, dah, lah, mah, bah, sah.	她已经学会了
Read what's written.	这里写了什么你念
For-ev-er...? Forever?	永远
You can't read words too? There are some words I can, and some words I can't.	有的字看得懂有的字看不懂
I'm not stupid.	至少我比你妈
Compare to your mom, I'm a 1000 times smarter!	比你妈聪明一千倍
Forver... together...	永远在一起永远
You do you know me?	我问你你认识我吗
You...	你...
Who are you?	到底是谁
Who are you?	你到底是谁
Suh Kyung.	我叫淑庆
Yoon Suh Kyung.	我叫尹淑庆
Eunchae, let's go home and make and eat spicy rice cake. Ok...	恩彩我们回家做炒年糕来吃
I'm going to forget.	我会把她忘掉
Minjoo	敏珠
From this time, I'll completely forget her.	从这一刻起我要忘得一干二净
Without any dusk, I'm going to completely erase her.	要完全抹去 不会留下任何的记忆
Bye Kang Min Joo. It's goodbye forever!	姜敏珠永远的再见了
Don't lie.	小允
Grab a taxi and go home. I want to say something to Minjoo.	你搭计程车回去好了
I'll say something and go.	我有些话要跟敏珠说
So you go home first.	说完话我就回去
You have money for taxi, right?	你先回家吧
I do.	你有车钱吗
I'm drinking soju and I'll come back.	我有 我去喝一瓶烧洒再过来
I'll take a shot, come back, and do something about Minjoo	你先等我 等我喝完以后
I'll tell her not to make you sad and grab her hair and shake.	我就帮你修理敏珠 我揪住她的头发用力摇
I'll break her legs so that she can't meet anyone.	叫她不要再折磨你了 她是什么东西啊
Yah, it's time for her to get beaten up.	她怎么可以这样折磨你呢 没错
Wait a second, I'll be back.	那个死丫头早就该修理了
-Don't lay a hand on her.	等我一下我马上回来
It's not Minjoo's fault	你敢碰敏珠的话就试试看
She's already warned me first.	不是敏珠的错
I'm the crazy one.	她一开始就警告我了
I'll wait. Finish him off and come back.	姜敏珠
It's also find if you come without finishing him.	我会等你 跟他做个了断再回来吧
I'll finish it off for you.	不能做了断
You probably have to wait along time.	直接回来也没关系 我来帮你了断
I started to date him just a week ago.	那你可能要等很久
I can wait. A month is enough right? - Chae Yoon.	我才开始跟他交往一个星期
You bastard!	我可以等你
Why hit him?	可恶 你死定了...
Together... Forever	永远在一起...
There's not a day when a grown up girl's face isn't ruined.	一个女孩子家两三天就掛彩
It's scary to see a scab fall off!	这还得了
I'm alright, it doesn't hurt.	伤口刚结疤又有新的伤口
Say you're alright one more time, I'm leaving you on the streets!	没关系我不痛 如果你再说一遍
I say that I'm alright because I'm alright, and it doesn't hurt because it doesn't hurt.	没关系我不痛的话 我就把你丢到路边去
Being alright?	真的没关系才说没关系
Not hurt?	真的不痛嘛
Are you made of metal?	你还敢说你没关系
Are you a robot?	还说你不会痛
Why'd you come out from there?	你是铁打的吗
Are you 119?	你为什么在那个时候
(Police #)	要跑出来呢
It really doesn't hurt.	你是警察吗
Get out.	人家真的不痛嘛
Fine, it hurts.	你下车
It hurts so much I can die. I'm not alright.	好啦很痛...
I'll never be alright.	快要痛死了
Not even after I die. How sad.	有关系怎么可能没关系
So much I can die.	真的很有关系
What can we do...	真的是快要被你气死了
Chae Moonhyuk and Yoon Suh Kyung, I went to the orphanage you guys went to.	我问了车武赫先生
You two were twins.	跟尹淑庆小姐住过的孤儿院 原来车武赫先生跟尹淑庆小姐
Tw-ins?	是异卵双胞胎
The necklace was on you two the whole time.	项链是你们两位 第一次在孤儿院门口被发现时
That's all I know.	就带在身上的
Buy wrapped rice.	来买寿司
Buy wrapped rice.	小姐. . 买个寿司
-One please!	来买寿司
Wrapped rice!	来买寿司先生妈妈
How much? -Two dollars. Give me one.	买寿司
-Yes.	寿司多少钱
Sir, this is a dollar.	"一条2，000块" 帮我包两条
Give me two.	"先生我卖你1，500就好了"
Why do you always cheat?	帮我包两条 好... 您的寿司
What do you mean cheat?	为什么你每次都犯规
You always cheat.	我什么时候犯规了
Why do you take my customers?	你每天都犯规
Your customer, my customer...they're not the same.	为什么要抢我的客人
Yours are yours, mine are mine.	客人就是客人嘛
And that's that.	哪有分你的客人我的客人
That's not right!	跟你买东西就是你的客人 跟我买东西就是我的客人
Buy these, buy these. I'll give them to you half price.	这样够吗
Why is your mom sleeping that way?	我算你半价就好了
It's because she wraps rice at night.	你妈妈为什么一直睡觉
I'll give you all these for 300 dollars. I mean 200 dollars.	因为她整晚没有睡觉包寿司
Ok, I did. I cheated.	我就买下所有的东西
If you cheat on the boy again,	你干什么
I won't leave you alone.	大老板 以后 你如果再敢对这个小孩子犯规
Sukchae hurry and wake up.	我绝不会放过你
The sun is up your butt hole you guys!	三彩快点起来
Wake up!	淑彩起来了啦
I thought it was settled for a while.	三彩快点起来
How did your eye become a black eye?	真是的快点啦
I fell while I was walking.	怎么又开始了 为什么你的眼睛
It's going to be alright after two days. It's ok.	又变成了猫熊眼
Instead of being Yoon's coordinator, you following with gangsters?	走在路上摔了一跤
Samchae's mom! -She's in the room.	你不当小允的造型师
You going to the groceries?	我在三彩房里
-I'm going. Why are you wearing sunglasses inside the room?	妈
You do ssangkapeul surgery?	在屋里干嘛戴墨镜
Hurry and come out.	没有啦这是造型
I have to take ma'am to the studio shortly.	你割双眼皮啦
After I earn a lot of money, I'm moving out of this house just to avoid hearing about her.	我还要带小姐去电视台呢
I'm going grocery shopping with dad, so go up and peal onions.	什么小姐听了就恶心 我只要存够了钱
Am I getting pregnant.	一定要马上从这里搬出去
I can't smell onions. Are there people coming to Yoon's house?	妈妈要跟爸爸到市场去
Yoon's mother.	你到楼上小允家帮忙剥洋葱
She's getting ready for "self camera"	我是不是怀孕了 闻到洋葱就想吐 今天小允家有访客吗
She's putting on a show off her famous son.	小允他妈 说要拍什么自拍录影带
How arrogant.	从一大早就开始在那儿搞怪
Stop with the bad remarks.	有个巨星儿子 就让她享尽荣华富贵了
Mom, you get botox?	过气女演员嚣张什么嘛
Okay..mom the camera is rolling. Don't get nervous...okay, 1, 2...	妈你又去打肉毒杆菌啦
Just like this, drinking coffee with my son is my joy and life.	妈我要开始拍啰 不要紧张 来一二
Ah, let's record again. I seriously think this lipstick doesn't fit me well.	像这样跟儿子一起喝一杯咖啡
Why? It's pretty.	是我人生的乐趣还有活力
Hello, I'm Chae Yoon.	好了接下来呢
I heard my mom was doing a self camera, so...	要让各位欣赏的
I'm just cutting in a little.	就是我宝贝儿子的身影了
Mom, can I say something to you? What? Say it.	各位朋友大家好我是崔允
Say it...	我母亲说要拍自拍录影带
Mother, go over there and sit.	妈我可以说对你想说的话吗
You see,	好
When I think about my mother, I'm really thankful and shed tears. Having me born to this world,	可以了
Raising me up so perfectly,	像我呢 只要想到我妈就很感激
And always giving me so much love.	也会热泪盈眶
Mom, you are my sunshine and idol.	她让我出生在这个世界上
You know that right?	把我养育成这么出色的人
I love you, mom.	她永无止境的爱
I love you	总是带给我很多的感动
You're not supposed to act like that to an adult.	不可以对大人那么没礼貌
That lady is also a sad lady.	刚才那个大婶其实也很可怜
Later on, tell her that you're sorry.	改天你要去跟她陪罪懂吗
Say that you're sorry, okay?	要去跟她道歉哦懂吗
-No.	不要
Mister, are you a gangster?	你是不是流氓
-Yes. What is your name?	对
-Galshi. (Fish) The same Galchi you cook with.	带鱼酱汁白带鱼的带鱼
Is that your name? -Yes.	那是你的名字啊
What grade are you in?	你现在几年级
-I don't go to school.	我没有上学
Even though I don't go to school, I can read korean.	我虽然没有上学 可以我认得国字
Speak a little english.	还会背九九乘法表
I'm pretty smart.	也会一点英文我很聪明
-What about your father?	你爸爸呢
I don't have those.	爸爸是什么
Hey grandpa!	是我昨天说的 晨间花园那个叔叔
-Oh hey. Let's each Samkyupsal. This is the guy I met.	跟妈妈有一模一样项链的
The guy who has the necklace.	那个叔叔
The guy who is from Australia.	他是澳洲来的
Your eyes take after your mom's eyes, a lot.	已经长得这么大了 吃过烤五花肉吗
Quite similar.	喝过烧酒吗
Have you ate samkyupsal before?	放下你姐姐过来这边
How about soju?	我教你吃烤五花肉跟喝烧酒
I'm sorry.	如果因为你脸上的疤痕
I'm sorry, Eunchae	男人都说不要你的话
If no guys come to you because your face is full of injuries...	你可以尽量的来找我 只要你来找我
And if they don't like you, and no one takes you,	我一定会娶你的 我说真的
Then just come to me. I'll live with you. Come to me.	我会对你负起责任的
For real, I'll take care of you.	怎么了
What's wrong? Water!	来...
Water!	水
What's wrong, Song Eun-chae?	没什么啦你不要担心
Why aren't you picking it up?	是敏珠
It's Minjoo.	儿子我怎么样妈妈美吗
How do I look?	宋造型师你觉得我美吗
Am I pretty? You're pretty.	对啊姨真的好美
How about you, Eunchae? Am I pretty?	这套衣服适合哪一种耳环呢
Yes, you're beautiful. What kind of earring will match with this kind of clothes?	钻石红宝石蓝宝石
Diamond? Ruby? Saphire?	来
It's better than bacon right?	那是因为你是韩国人的关系
It's because you have korean taste. Do you... know my mother?	你认识我妈是不是
Does she live in this neighborhood?	像你妈那种女人
My mother? -No... Why would you mom live in a crappy neighborhood like this?	怎么可能住在这种贫民区
...very smart.	这么棒的文句呢
My mother...	是啊是该让你们见面
Help me meet her. I'll let you meet her.	现在你们一家人也该见面了
It's time for you to meet her.	事必有因因果报应
You.. are all quite smart.	这么棒的文句呢
How'd you learn the language so well? You said this was better than bacon, so eat.	快吃吧比培根好吃
I don't really like this necklace.	这条项链跟这件衣服 很不配对吧
Thiis necklace and this dress don't match, right?	我觉得很漂亮 才怪呢
They are pretty, why?	便宜货一眼就看得出来
Fake stuff is obvious.	都像个便宜货吧
Wouldn't the dress look fake too?	那条项链在百货公司买的 花了很多钱不是吗
Didn't you buy that necklace very expensive? - Not expensive.	才不会呢不过100万
1000 dollars.	100万
A thousand...	可是我们家一个月的生活费
Is as much as my daughter's tuition.	你就戴着吧
Just wear it.	你比珠宝更耀眼所以没关系
You look quite glamorous, so it's okay.	真的吗
Is that so?	小姐我们走吧 要去电视台的话
Let's leave, ma'am.	时间快来不及了快走
To get to the studio, we're already late. Let's go.	好
Are you a stalker?	你欠扁啊你 我是你朋友啊
Mom, Sook-chae is trying to hit me.	赶快把手举好 大姐没有一个大姐的样子
Hurry and raise your hands!	现在连小学生都不能体罚了 我都已经几岁了
Nobody does these kind of things anymore.	是啊我都已经几岁了 你还敢讲
Look at my age.	都28岁了什么事不好做
How old are you?	跑去偷别人家男人的东西
A 28 (?	就是说啊
) yo with nothing better things to do so she steals a guy's clothing.	万一让小允他妈妈知道了 我们全家人都会被赶出去
-Like I said.	就是啊 小允他不是别家的男人
If Yoon's mom finds out, we'll all get kicked out of this house!	他是巨星
Yoon is a star...a star!	而且说实在的这不是小允的 这是属于热爱崔允的
And these...these are not Yoon's.	那些粉丝的啦 这个多少钱
These can be considered to be from Yoon's fans.	你都跟人家拿多少钱
How much is this?	你想买吗 你买我算你便宜一点
How much do you get exactly? -You gonna buy it?	一个3万总共18万
Each one is 30 dollars... with a discount I can give it to you for 150 dollars.	再便宜个3万 我就收你15万好了
What the...just those are 30 dollars each?	拜托3万算什么 上次演唱会的时候
The hankercheif Yoon used to wipe his sweat at his concert.	在现场以5万块成交 5... 5万
That sold for 50 dollars.	对呀 国外头条新闻不是有报导过
50 dollars?	那些巨星用过的东西
-They put these in auctions.	都会拿去拍卖呢 像猫王哥哥他用过的物品
Things used by Elvis Presley...	拍卖价格高达上亿耶上亿耶
those are worth big money!	我的天啊
Unbelievable...	那他们家
At the house...there are many hankerchiefs Yoon's used to wipe his face and sweat.	擦过脸的毛巾 那那些东西都不能洗啰 所以啊
Then...we shouldn't washed them, right?	把那些东西通通拿来给我 我不但换新的毛巾给你
-Exactly. So bring them to me.	还会付你10％的佣金
So bring that and I'll cut you in.	那... 那他用过的饭碗跟汤匙
How much would bowls and dishes sell for?	一个值多少钱 如果我们崔允在现阶段
If we consider some things...	像詹姆士狄恩一样翘辫子的话 一个至少可以卖到100万 100万
About 1000 dollars.	敏彩打电话报警
Call the police, Minchae!	你说这边有一对母女窃贼 她们正在共谋杀人
Tell them to take these two away.	请他们快来抓人 宋恩彩 快点打
Song Eun Chae! - Are you calling?	她是怎么了
I finished him off. Sooner than you expected, huh?	比你想的快一点吧
You've become so pale.	才一个晚上你好憔悴 不愿意接纳我
Aren't you going to take me? You taking me?	不想理我了吗
Sorry... for confusing you.	对不起打扰你啰
I'm making...	肚子饿了吗
Chachang ramen. You want some?	我帮你做炸酱面
Let's go.	走吧
Who it it?	请问哪位
Let me use the restroom.	借用一下厕所
But who is it?	请问你是谁
restroom.	厕所
Let me use the restroom.	借用一下厕所
This isn't a public restroom.	这里不是公共厕所
I'm going to piss my pants.	那我就会直接尿在这里
Let me use it! -Piss yourself.	借用一下厕所
Am I stopping you?	你尿啊谁理你
What a psycho!	居然有这种神经病
Sis!	第 4 集
What's the problem?	二姐
What's wrong that is making your face fired up?	你在小允哥面前放屁啊
Did you fart in front of Yoon? Hurry up and stop farting!	不要一直放屁啦
I need to pee too!	快点人家现在尿急
-Go to Yoon's.	你去小允家上
What should I do, Minchae?	你到底怎么了
-Are you constipated too?	我该怎么办敏彩
There is a guy who came from Australia to see me.	你也便秘吗 有一位大叔
I met him when I followed Yoon to shoot his CF.	大老远从澳洲来看我 上次小允去澳洲拍广告
I got helped a lot.	在那边认识的
-You have a boyfriend?	当时他还帮了我很多忙呢
Not me, just that person.	原来二姐有男人
Not you, him?	我没有动心是对方
-Yeah. It seems he's fallen for me.	你没有喜欢他他喜欢你
I feel so sorry, what I should I do?	有好像完全对我着迷了
He's fallen for you...so you're saying he's come all the way from Australia for you.	我觉得很对不起他 因为他对你着迷
Did you sleep with him?	所以大老远从澳洲飞来这里
Did you?	那你跟他睡过了
Yes.	你们睡过了吗
I was freezing to death so we held each other. I think that's when he started to fall for me.	怕被冻死才会紧紧抱着睡觉
You must be crazy!	我看你是疯了你 我的天
-That's what I'm sayin.	你居然会做这种荒唐事 就是说啊
How could you? The world's gonna end.	我做也就算了怎么会是你
No.	道德沦丧真是可悲
It's not that.	不是啦
Oh, how disgusting.	不是这样不是 还在否认
For how long have you guys been in here?	你们三个在干什么 我真是受够你们了 都已经老大不小了
Sookchae, aren't you done?	你们到底在搞什么东西
Eunchae, Minchae...aren't you done washing up?	淑彩你上完了没有
-We are done.	恩彩敏彩
We'll be out soon.	你们到底洗完了没有
Then come out.	已经好了我马上出去
Your father has to use the bathroom too!	既然已经好了就赶快出来 害你们老爸没办法上厕所
Mom! -What?	在外面急着直跳脚这像话吗
Eunchae said she slept with a guy.	妈
We must prepare a gift.	干嘛
No!	恩彩她说跟男人睡了
We did sleep but not in that way!	你可能要准备嫁妆咯 不不是
I haven't even kissed with a guy.	把我当成什么了 你女儿到现在
Now I'm seeing things. I feel so sorry.	还会出现幻觉耶
-Going somewhere?	恩彩
To see my brother. -Brother?	你要去哪里
Oh good...eat this.	去找我哥哥
-What is this?	找哥哥 对了这个很好吃
Mountain Ginseng.	来给你吃
Added some honey on the mountain ginseng or something like that.	这什么 山参
Eat it. How can I eat this fragile thing?	好像是山参上涂抹蜂蜜做成的
-Because it is, you should eat it.	给你 这么珍贵我怎么能吃
I don't want to.	就是珍贵才要帮我吃
Your mother bought it for you.	我不要
Hey, I can't eat this.	花大钱买的
How could I?	我不能吃这种东西
You eat it.	我怎么能吃这个东西
Then I'm throwing it away.	你吃就好了 那我拿去隔壁喂小狗罗
My mouth is my mouth. Is your mouth dirty then?	你为什么不可以吃
Yoon...	法律有规定说
Give it so I can give it to a dog.	我能吃的你不能吃吗 小允
-Hey, Ok!	拿来我拿去喂小狗
I'll eat it.	知道了啦我吃...
Ok now? -Yes.	我吃不就得了
My mom says she feels great when feeding me delicious food.	可以了吗 可以 我妈说塞好吃的东西给我吃
I feel great when I do the same for you.	让她觉得心满意足 可是我塞好吃的东西给你吃
Probably in the past, I might have been your mom or dad.	才会觉得开心 我猜我上辈子
Eat well and grow a lot, ok?	可能是你爸或你妈 我的恩彩
-Son! Yes? -Yoon, put this on and go.	吃很多好东西快快长大
What is that?	儿子
-This is milk oil.	小允涂完这个再出门 那什么
It's great for dark circles.	这个是珍珠粉还有貂油 貂你知道吧
-Who has dark circles?	两样混合而成的 听说预防黑眼圈很有效
So we have to prepare for it beforehand.	我哪有黑眼圈
I feel like dying when I see your handsome face get dirty.	所以才要事先做好预防 这么英俊的脸 万一有了黑眼圈的话
Eunchae, so what happened with that guy?	妈妈就要难过死了 恩彩那个男的怎么样了
Guy? -Sure.	什么男的
Eunchae's got a boyfriend. She has a boyfriend?	你不晓得啊恩彩有男朋友了
Eunchae?	有. . 有男朋友
Who is it? What does he do? -He must be sensitive.	你说恩彩
He was even crying.	是哪个家伙他是干什么的
Eunchae, do a good job.	好像是个痴情派 因为太喜欢恩彩了还会掉泪呢
If you make someone else cry,	恩彩你可得小心点
Then your eyes will cry blood.	如果害别人流泪的话
Good luck, Eunchae.	将来你的心就会淌血了
Congratulations, you wicked girl!	加油了宋恩彩
Eunchae has no sense for understanding guys.	到底是哪个家伙 恩彩这个丫头
Why am I feeling upset?	她最没有看男人的眼光了
Get in!	哥
I had a cramp.	水好喝吗
I almost died.	我刚刚脚抽筋
You can't reveal your fear to God...	差点就没命了
You have to crush it first.	千万不可以让它
That's the only way you make friends with him	察觉到你很怕它 必须要将它打败
When'd you learn how to swim?	哥
I didn't learn.	你什么时候学会游泳的
You weren't taught?	我没有学过
But I haven't learned either.	你没有学过
Then what do I do to become as good as you?	我也没学过
Try your best!	怎么样才能跟你游得一样好呢
-Then I guess I should come here more often.	付出努力
But I don't swim!	那我得每天来游泳池了
When I think of my mother,	来转过去 我帮你洗一洗
I feel grateful and I start to cry,	像我呢只要想到我妈就很感激
She gave birth to me, and raised me well.	也会热泪盈眶 用力一点 知道了
And giving me so much love.	把我养育成这么出色的人 他以永无止境的爱
Mom, you are my sunshine and idol.	带给我很多感动 妈妈是我的太阳
How is it?	也是我的宇宙
But this place... it seems...	怎么样 很好看 不过我觉得这一家
Look over here.	太幼稚了
Stripes look great on Yoon.	你看这一件 我们家小允
This is the fifth, ma'am.	穿这种线条的衣服也很适合
-Oh yeah?	阿姨已经第十五件了
This style wouldn't work on anyone but Yoon, right?	是吗 你看这件除非我们家小允
But, ma'am, this please is extremely expensive.	对吧恩彩 是啊
Red is great on my son as well.	阿姨这件衣服的单价很贵
One second...	我儿子穿这种红色非常的适合
Having a great son it hard work too, sis.	我接个电话 儿子太优秀了
Yes,	我这个做妈的也挺累的 像这件衣服有没有不是拉链
Yoon? You can't reach him?	强哥
He said he was going to meet up with his "brother".	联络不到吗
I don't know what he was talking about.	他说他要去见哥哥
Newspapers? No, I didn't see them.	不过不知道是什么哥哥
What? "Kang Minjoo's fling with Chae Yoon"	还没看到
"Kang Minjoo reveals all:	怎么了你真的是个勤奋的人吗
Love's a just a game to me, I was only playing"	这要怎么形容呢
I have to go somewhere.	我实在信不过你庆尚道哥哥
I'll see you later.	我要去一个地方
To drive like that?	我们待会儿见了
Would your head crack like that?	这样撞可以撞破头吗
Want a hammer? Today I'm gonna die.	要不要换把铁锤
And so will she.	那个丫头也死定了
No one better stop me.	谁都别想阻止我
Come in, Eunchae! Door's open!	恩彩进来吧门没有锁
Wait, just one more round... Isn't this too much?	等一下我先打完这一局
Go explain yourself to Yoon.	看到这个了吧 你快点向不允解释清楚
It seems the interview is out...	它报导的确实是采访内容
You wanna die?	你不想活啦
You wanna get beat? You have any idea how much Yoon loved you?	想挨揍吗
Yoon, the guy you cheated on.	小允他全心全意的爱着你 小允跟你那些玩玩的男人不一样
Sorry.	对不起
But I can't change who I am.	可是我本来就是这样
You know I'm a flirt by nature.	你说怎么办 我就是很花心爱玩成性
Why do you live this way?	为什么要这样...
Is this the way you want to live?	你到底有什么不满意 非要过这种生活吗臭丫头
Why do you live so recklessly?	为什么这么不自爱
Want to end your career? Are you a rock head?	你想结束演艺生涯吗
Are you an idiot?	有没有脑筋你会不会思考啊
Have you decided to end it all?	你打定主意结束一切吗
You idiot, you dummy, you moron!	你这个臭丫头臭丫头
You done hitting me?	你打完了
Is that all the power you got?	只有这么一点力气啊 既然你想要打我
At least you should break a rib or something.	至少也要打断一根肋骨
Yoon... I think I like him.	我是真的喜欢上小允
I think because of that...	因为我情不自禁的喜欢上他
Maybe because I was really starting to like him...	就因为我越来越喜欢他 所以才会那么做
That's why I did it. What?	什么
You like Yoon, don't you?	你也喜欢小允对吧
I'm a romance scholar.	我可是恋爱专家 你以为我不知道
You think I wouldn't know?	我老早就知道了
I knew since a long time ago. Who's heard of a friendship between a guy and girl?	男女之间哪有纯友谊
What is this girl talking about?	你到底在胡说八道什么 今天你就是要讨打才甘心
Do you really want to be beat today?	是不是
Still	本来我想假装不知道
I wanted to go all the way, but I couldn't because of you.	占为已有 可是还是很担心你 给你吧
You have him. You can have him.	你要就拿去吧
That's right.	是啊你就是该打...
You should be beat!	喜欢胡言乱语的人
You need a beating to get you back to your senses.	就是要挨打才会清醒 今天我非要打断你的肋骨不可
I'm going to beat you to a pulp!	我还要打断你的腿才甘心 今天你死定了
You're dead, Kang Minjoo!	死定了姜敏珠
Can't you stop that, Eunchae?	不要打了宋恩彩
What do you think you're doing?	你在干什么
What gives you the right to hit her?	你在对谁动手 我警告过你
No one lays a finger on her!	不可以动敏珠一根汗毛的
Yoon!	小允
Mind your business from now on.	以后我的事
Don't meddle in ours, Eunchae.	我们两个的事你都不要插手
Don't overreact.	不要逾越了分寸
You got it?	明白吗
Go out!	小允
Didn't you hear me?	你没有听到吗
Get the hell out!	马上给我离开这个房子
I'm still owe you one.	下一次我一定会打断你的肋骨
Don't get hit again,	别再挨打了
..from me or Eunchae.	不管是我 或是恩彩都不能再打你
If someone does this again,	以后如果有人敢动你一根汗毛
I'm going to kill em.	我就会把他杀了
Be it Eunchae, or me.	不管是恩彩... 或是我
I'll kill them all.	我都会动手
Don't do that again.	你再也不要做出欠揍的事
You'll die too.	不然你就没命
And I'll die.	我也会没命
I'm sorry.	对不起我错了
I won't be that way again. I'm sorry.	以后再也不会了我错了
Poor baby.	妈妈小朋友你怎么了
Are you lost?	跟妈妈走失啦
Don't cry. Don't cry, ok?	不要哭...
I'll find your mother for you.	姐姐帮你找到妈妈
Crying is bad.	乖小孩都不哭
Santa Clause doesn't give presents to children who cry.	爱哭的小孩 圣诞老公公不会给她礼物
So don't cry.	不要哭了
Hello? This is Perry's mother, right?	请问你是小星的妈妈吗
Hi, I'm Song Eunchae...	你好我的名字叫宋恩彩
What's the capitol of Australia?	澳洲的首都是哪里
Don't you even know the capital of your own country?	自己住的国家首都都不知道
Canberra. Isn't it Sydney?	坎培拉
-Canberra.	不是雪梨吗
Was it changed?	坎培拉
What about our country?	什么时候换的
Seoul.	我们国家的首都是哪里
So you're not demented.	首尔
Then ok. Let's go out.	那好吧我们交往吧
Are you embarrassed?	你会害羞啊
Is looking at my face difficult for you?	看我的脸会让你害羞
You're introverted, I see.	所以转过去吗
I didn't think so.	我还以为你很鲁莽
Try some of mine. This is what couples do when they go out.	不要害羞
It's called being affectionate.	交往的时候都是像这样
You're ashamed. You're so cute.	看你害羞成什么样子
-Please be quiet.	大叔你好可爱
I'll be asleep for 5 minutes, so please.. be quiet.	我要睡五分钟所以你安静
Are you ok?	天啊
Hey! Wake up!	真是的这该怎么办
Get it together!	你们还好吧
Have some. -It's ok.	居然会来这里
You eat it.	给你
Eat!	不用你自己吃
-I don't eat eaten food.	快吃
But Eunchae does.	我不吃别人吃过的
She has the stomach for that.	人家恩彩吃得津津有味
Am I a stranger?	因为她胃口好
-Sorry.	我又不是外人
That's my personality.	对不起
I don't eat from my mother's leftovers either.	我的个性就是这样没有办法
-Bathroom.	你要去哪儿
Do you get home safe, Eunchae?	(恩彩)
About before...	你是不是已经平安到家了
I was out of line.	刚才...
You're not upset, are you?	刚才我是有点过分啦
Actually, I didn't mean to offend you.	你没有我生气吧
Why isn't she saying anything?	其实我不是有意对你发脾气
Hello?	你为什么不接我电话嘛
Isn't this Song Eunchae's cell phone?	这不是宋恩彩小姐的手机吗
-The owner has fainted.	手机的主人现在晕过去了
Her dad says he's coming now.	什么 这位小姐的父亲说
Where is over there?	马上赶来这里 那边是什么地方
Sir, sir!	先生小姐你们快点醒一醒
Please wake up.	真是的大概喝了太多酒
Are you ok?	好奇怪
They won't even budge.	你们还好吗先生小姐
Pardon me!	这两个人完全不省人事
Excuse me.	你们醒一醒
They fainted while kissing.	这位先生 他们两个人 是在经过一阵热吻之后
Eunchae!	恩彩... 爸爸来了 恩彩...
She's like this when she's drunk.	这孩子只要一喝酒 就会沉沉的入睡
I can't pull them apart.	他们很难分开恩彩
What happened?	真的是大明星 怎么回事
These two... were drinking and then they kissed and...	是这样他们两个人 经过一阵非常激烈的热吻之后 就...
Get it together!	恩彩来快来
Help me lift her.	起来恩彩来
What happened?	到底怎么回事
How did Moohyuk and Eunchae end up together?	武赫哥还有恩彩 怎么会一起喝醉酒呢
Is he someone you know?	你认识那小子
Yes.	认识
-How do you know him?	你怎么会认识他
He's just a guy I like.	他是我欣赏的大哥
What does he do?	是做什么的
I'm not sure either.	不太清楚
Yoon! -Yes?	小允
What exactly does Eunchae like?	我们恩彩喜欢些什么
Chicken, rice...	鸡爪螺肉中国娃娃白米饭
-What doesn't she like?	不喜欢什么
Ghosts, orangutans, hospitals..	鬼大猩猩医院大杂烩
Why do you ask?	干嘛问这些
Because I'm her father...	我身为爸爸
Yet I don't know a lot about her.	对孩子了解实在是太少了
You've spent more time with her than me, right?	我们家恩彩 你比我观察得更入微吧 是
Yes.	我想
You'll probably know her more than I do. Right?	你比我更了解我们家恩彩对吧
Is Eunchae...	我们家恩彩
Is Eunchae promiscuous?	我们家恩彩有点变态吗
What?	你干什么啦被子拿来
Let go.	你这个女人很奇怪
You're so strange.	先放着我待会儿再摺嘛
Just leave it. I'll fold it up later.	怎么了二姐你尿床啦
What? Did you piss the bed?	宋敏彩我有疑问
What secret is this now?	要躲到棉被里面来搞神秘 我上学要迟到了啦
I'm late for school.	昨天晚上把我带回家的人是谁
Yesterday, who brought me home?	妈到现在还在为你熬解酒汤
-Dad did.	你要是看不对劲就快跑
Mom's having a fit because of you so run like hell when you see her.	小心被她打死 敏彩看看我的嘴唇
You... would you look at my lips...	你嘴唇怎么了
What about them? How is it?	怎样像接过吻的嘴唇吗
Does it look they've been kissed?	因为我搞不清楚
I'm not sure if it was a dream or not...	又像是作梦又好像不是
It doesn't seem like it was a dream...	看清楚一点
Look at them.	像接过吻的样子吗
Do they look like they've been kissed?	接过吻的嘴唇会怎么样
What do kissed lips look like anyway?	我不知道我从来没有接过吻
-I wouldn't know.	你长这么大了都在干嘛
Since I never kissed anyone.	就是说啊
-What did you do yesterday?	你看过很多奇怪的书
Well, exactly....	对这方面一定很懂
But you've read a lot of weird books, so wouldn't you know?	理论我是很懂 但是我缺乏实战经验
I wouldn't know either...	我拿放大镜来帮你看
Your lips seem bruised and swollen.	再嘟出来一点
In my estimation, you were kissed.	你应该有接吻 怎么办 身体力行的事
They say the body remembers what your brain doesn't.	可以找那个人再试一次 试什么
Kiss that guy again.	亲亲
What?	你疯啦 我跟你这个小朋友
Kiss. -You crazy? Whatever.	没什么好谈的
Forget it! Sister!	大姐痛死了啦
I'm not liking these dishes.	从意大利买回来的那些盘子
Where might the Italian china be?	在哪里呢
Don't move a step!	站在那里不要动
Who are you?	不想再被割伤你就不要乱动
-You're hurt, stay still!	你...
Aren't you Eunchae's boyfriend?	你不是恩彩的男朋友吗
But why are you here?	你干什么啊你
Where's the medicine?	小允...
Yoon!	药放在哪里 小允
Where's the medicine! Son!	儿子...
Yoon is asleep!	小允在睡觉药放在哪里
Where's the medicine!	小允...
What's going on?	那个人
Who is that man? -Who?	他为什么会在我们家
Ah, that's Moohyuk. -Why is he at our house.	我昨天带他回来的
I brought him over last night.	因为他喝醉了嘛 死孩子不是跟你说过
He was too drunk. -I told you not to bring just anyone in!	不要随便带陌生人回来的
But he was drunk and we didn't where he lives.	不知道他住在哪里 又不是很熟的人 干嘛带回来呢
You don't even know where he lives, you don't even know him well.	你是一般人吗
Why bring him here?	你是明星耶
Are you common man?	小声一点会被他听到
You're in show business.	你这个孩子到底是像谁
Quiet. He'll hear us.	这么心软
-Who do you take after that you can act this way?	我是你儿子当然像你啰 真是的
Since you're my mother, probably after you.	我要尿尿我要去厕所了 等一下 我...
I got to take a leak, I'll be back.	我好怕那个人 拜托你赶快叫他走
That guy scares me.	有什么好怕的嘛
Tell him to leave, please.	不会把你吃掉啦
-What's scary about him?	我去洗把脸你先陪他玩
He won't eat you.	天啊等一下
I'm going to wash, so just stay around.	我跟你去走
Hey!	去厕所走
Then I'll go with you to the bathroom.	干嘛
Were you hurt?	伤得好严重脚都破了
-Yeah, I was hurt a lot, I'm bleeding.	好痛
I can't live. ... Put some medicine on it.	真受不了你我先帮你擦药
Let me borrow this for a while.	妈这个借我
Am I a joke to you?	看我很好骗是吗 你
If you show up again... and you're dead!	你绝对死定了
Will she be ok?	不会有事止血做得很好
-She'll be fine. It was a good thing to stop her bleeding.	急救措施也做得非常适当
Buy some kimbop!	这里也有糕点寿司
Buy some dukkbogi!	快来买来买糕点 卖寿司
Have you sold a lot?	叔叔
It's blood!	流血了
You should go the hospital.	可能要去医院看看
Why... did you tell me?	为什么要告诉我
My mother...	我妈的事为什么要告诉我
What would I do about it?	到底要我怎么样
What would I do about it, old man!	到底要我怎么样死老头
Do whatever you want.	你想要怎么做 就照你的意思去做吧
Whatever you want. All done.	可以了记得要去看医生
Go to the hospital. My mother...	我妈她...
That lady...	那个女人
Did she wrong you too?	是不是也对你做了什么坏事
Yes. Galchi, let's have dinner together tonight.	带鱼今天我们两家一起吃饭
Let's make jorim.	好
Kang Minjoo has avowed her relationship with Chae Yoon today.	正式宣布成为情侣 在过去三年里
I've worked hard the past 3 years	我一直爱着她不曾间断
With her alone	只要能够让我得到她的爱情 我可以放弃眼前所有的一切
I can give up everything else in the world.	没有姜敏珠的人生
Without her,	对我而言形同死亡
I don't feel alive.	那么请问姜敏珠小姐对于崔允
What are your feelings toward Chae Yoon?	有什么样的看法呢 崔允他是我所认识的男人当中
Chae Yoon is the nicest and most honest man I know.	最善良而且最纯真的一个人
I've done him a lot of wrong,	过去我做出很多对不起他的事 所以我决定以后慢慢的弥补他
But I'm determined to make it up to him.	本来我以为爱情是不存在的
I didn't think love was real, But through Yoon, I've come to believe.	但是透过崔允我了解到什么是爱
He's scary, just tell him to leave.	拜托你赶快叫他走啦 小允
Do whatever you want.	就照你的意思去做吧
Both of them have opened their hearts and the public agrees they match well.	出现了两极化的反应 有人认为两个人很登对
They're rising in popularity.	也有人认为非常意外 因此今天的记者会
Due to today's conference, the issue is getting hot.	让歌迷们的攻防战 变得越来越激烈了
Live happily, Yoon!	小允祝你幸福 姜敏珠如果你再伤害小允
If you hurt him, I won't leave you alone, Minjoo!	我不会放过你的
Be happy together!	你们一定要幸福哦崔允姜敏珠
Who are you?	请问哪一位
Can't you recognize your mother and sister?	妈跟姐姐你都认不出来啊
Why are you guys staring at me?	你们两个为什么一直看着我 我脸上有什么东西吗
Is there something on my face? -There is.	有东西而且很多东西
No joking, lots of stuff on your face.	需要帮忙吗
Ah alright, alright!	时间早就已经敲定了
I already made a promise.	今天下午五点
Today at five, at the Seoul Hotel first floor coffee shop... a guy...	首尔饭店一楼咖啡厅 二男一女的老二 束城物产的代理
About 26 yo...	光是手头上的存款... 谁啊你的相亲对象
Your "date"...	妈我要相亲啊
(for marriage)	随便你随便你啦
I'm set up for a "marriage interview", mom?	如果你今天要是再爽约的话
Alright alright.	你老妈马上就跳进棺材
If this date gets cancelled, I'm going to dig a hole and bury myself.	死给你看 我告诉你我这次可是豁出去了
-It's not a threat.	这不是威胁
Mom looked at a coffin a while ago.	她已经去看过棺材啰 我看的是梧桐木的棺材
I looked at a blackish copper coffin.	死了这条心吧这是天方夜谭
-Give it up, mom.	如果宋恩彩小姐肯去相亲
If Eunchae goes on this date then I'll immediately go into Seoul University.	我马上会考取首尔第一学府 需要帮忙吗
Well yeah.	也对如果恩彩肯去相亲
If Eunchae goes... then I'll give you this bed, mom.	我这张床当场送给你
Yah yah...	那个死丫头要是肯去相亲
If she goes on this date ...you be the mother.	换你当我老妈
I'll go on the date.	我愿意去相亲
With news as good as that, you should have told me sooner.	有这么好的事怎么不早说
If that person is wonderful, can I propose to him first, mom?	我可以先向他求婚吗
Do you not like me?	也不是不满意 因为你不是我要的那一型
It's not that I don't like you.	那么先生你喜欢的是哪一型
You're just not my type.	这种事很难用说的
What is your type?	那么你就用画的好不好
It's hard for me to say... Do you want to draw your type then?	真是
Ten minutes haven't even passed.	如果仔细观察
How can you tell if I'm your type or not?	也许我就是你要的那一型
If you look at me close enough...	只要看一分钟我就知道 只看一分钟怎么可能了解一个人
I might be your type. - I can tell in one minute.	太离谱了
How do you figure that in a minute, huh?	怎么会离谱呢 太离谱了
Nonsense. - I can. It doesn't make sense.	为离谱
Tell me the truth. What exactly don't you like about me?	像这种事我怎么能说出来
How can I... .. tell you that?	你尽管说说出来没关系 真是
Tell me. It's alright.	好是你叫我说的
Since you're asking...	我对你的长相就是不满意 行了吗
I really don't like your appearance.	我的长相到底怎么了
What about my appearance?	真是的
Take a look in the mirror.	饮料就各付各的OK
I have to get to the broadcast station fast so I don't think I can take you home.	不能送你回去了 没关系我自己有开车来
That's why I brought my car too. I'll call you.	我再打给你小心开车
How can I help you?	你想干什么
Hey! -Lady!	老太婆下车
Lady?	你没有长眼睛是不是
- You...	这位大叔
Where do you put your eyes when driving?	老太婆
Look here, guy. - Lady, my baby is..	你压到我家的小宝贝了
Take your car out now.	把车移开听到没有
Didn't you hear me?	我不知道我真的不知道 我没有感觉
-I didn't know.	我停车的时候完全没有感觉
When I was parking, I didn't feel a thing.	对不起
I didn't know.	把车移开
Take the car out.	对不起我真的很抱歉
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I'll pay you.	我愿意赔偿你
If this isn't enough, leave me with your number. You know who I am right?	你知道我是谁吧我是姜敏...
I'm Kang Minj...	搞什么
What is this?	你到底想干什么
What do you think you're doing?	你现在这样是在勾引我吗
Are you trying to toy with me?	不过...
But, you picked the wrong person, man.	这位大叔你找错人啰 我是姜敏珠
I'm Kang Minjoo!	不是你能随便高攀的 闭上嘴把车移开
Shut your mouth and pull your car out. Leave my site by one minute, lady!	我限你一分钟之内从我眼前消失
Chae Yoon! -Oh hyung,	那你呢
Where were you? -Where are you? Broadcasting station.	电视台你要过来吗
Wanna come over?	我是不是从今天开始当你的司机
Am I officially your manager from today?	正式行程从明天开始
-Yeah, the official work starts from tomorrow.	等我十分钟
Wait for ten minutes. I just got in a taxi...	我刚上计程车马上到
What a sad doggy dog.	姐姐帮你把身体洗干净
So you're not crazy. Fine then.	那好吧我们交往吧
Let's date.	你看我很好欺负是不是
Do I look like a pushover to you?	看我很好骗是吗 你 以后再敢出现在我面前试试看
You, if you appear before me again...	你绝对死定了
Why is that sound coming all the way through here.	三彩赶快起来了
Sangchae, wake up!	对了今天要拍宣传海报
There is a picture shoot today, right?	儿子啊快起来了
Yoon.	快点快点起床了起来洗个澡
Son.	走
Wake up and wash and then let's get to the picture shoot.	你不起床啊赶快给我起来
Not waking up?	还不起来
Get up, get up!	快点起来啦允啊允
Go out with your son, why don't you?	你干脆跟儿子结婚算了
Disgusting!	全都被水泥糊住了是不是 虽然说是我生的孩子
I may have given birth to you but you guys are pathetic!	人生真是太悲惨啦
Today...	最近老是喜欢在我面前耍威风
Fire!	宋三彩失火啦
Fire! Sonchae!	少骗人了妈
Fire!	你醒啦
Stop playing!	刚才我就醒了
Are you up?	那你干嘛装睡
For a while now. Then why pretend to be asleep?	没有
Just because.	我只是不想张开眼睛
I didn't want to open my eyes so I just lazily stayed put.	想赖一下床
Yoon and his mother Today there going to have a photo shoot.	宣传海报吗
Are you sick?	天啊你冒冷汗
Look at the sweat.	还发烧
You even have a fever!	大概有点小感冒
I'm a little sick I guess.	这样你能去工作啊 你这个铁人也会生病
Do you think you can go? I mean, what's going on with you? It's ok.	没关系不会有事的
I'll be fine.	小狗狗早
Hello doggy dog.	睡得好吗
Sleep well?	双腿用力撑起身体
Did you sleep well?	早安 恩彩你去叫醒小允
-Yes. Good morning.	我怎么叫都叫不醒他
Wake up Yoon.	小允还在睡啊
I can't do a thing to wake him up.	他到凌晨才睡着
-He's still sleeping?	说是梦到鬼了
Yeah, he went to sleep at dawn. He said he dreamed of a ghost.	所以到我房间跟我一起睡
He even came into my room and slept with me.	恩彩
Don't tell Minjoo about Yoon being this way.	不要告诉敏珠 什么事 做恶梦就不敢自己睡觉这件事
- Being what way?	都已经这么大了
Like not being able to sleep after a scary dream, like how he's afraid of ghosts at his age.	还会怕鬼的这件事
Sure.	好我不会说啦阿姨
Yoon, wake up!	起床了要去拍照了
You have a shoot to go to.	起床了要迟到了
Wake up, it's late.	大家都在等你了
People are waiting for you.	你要放大家的鸽子吗
Are you going to cancel?	放就放
I'm going to cancel.	快起床啦崔允
Wake up. Oh, good boy! I'm not good!	我不乖啦不乖啦
You know about the Kong Kong Ghost right?	从三楼教室倒栽葱死掉的鬼
The ghost who died falling down from a three story building?	用头咚咚咚走路的鬼
The ghost who walks on its head like... kong kong kong.	听说咚咚鬼正在到处寻找
The kong kong ghost is searching for the person who pushed her to her death.	把自己推下楼的那个人
Pusher's name is Chae Yoon.	名字叫崔允
Kong kong kong.	现在它正在开门进来了
Just now, it opens the door and enters.	咚咚咚
Kong kong kong.	走进客厅里了
It's gotten into the living room...	咚咚咚
Kong kong kong.	现在它爬上二楼
It crawls up the stairs... Has it reached Yoon's room?	到小允的房间去了
He's not in here...	不在这里耶
Kong kong kong.	然后它就...
Then after that, it goes back downstairs...	从二楼来到一楼 咚咚咚
Kong kong kong.	它四处看了一看
Finds out that Yoon is in his mom's room.	终于发现小允 原来在他妈妈的房间里 咚咚咚
There is something laying down by your side.	跟咚咚鬼好好睡吧我走了
Why don't you get off of me and go. Get off.	不要
-Don't want to.	我是你老婆吗还是你妈
Hey, am I your wife?	恶心死了不要这样 什么
Am I your mother? It feels gross.	你刚刚说我什么
What did you just say?	没错恶心...
I'm gross? Yes, you are.	我生气了宋恩彩
That makes me depressed, Eunchae!	真的生气啰 我今天不去拍宣传海报了
Really depressed. I'm not going to the shoot today.	我管你要不要去
-Go or don't go. Is she on drugs?	她吃错药了是不是
I should emigrate.	去国外住个十年再回来
Am I really that sick?	我真的病得很严重吗
Concentrate, Eunchae!	拜托清醒一点宋恩彩
Concentrate.	清醒一点...
Why did you poke me?	干嘛戳我 原来真的是你
Hey, it is you.	干嘛戳我
-Why poke me?	没有我只是...
I thought I was hallucinating...	以为自己出现幻觉
and wanted to check...	所以想确认一下
Do you like me too?	我才没有
-No! They why poke a man standing still?	那你干嘛戳我我又没惹你
You do you like me, right?	你喜欢我才戳我
So that's why you poked me? No!	才没有
Your face isn't looking well.	你的气色不太好生病了 没有啊
You sick somewhere? -No.	好像生病啰
You look sick.	没有啊
- No.	你的脸色很苍白
Your face is pale.	没有啊 你只会说没有啊
Is no the only thing you can say?	没有啊 你讨厌我
- No. You hate me? -No...	没有啊
Am I a joke to you?	你看我好欺负是不是
Do I look like a pushover?	看我很好骗是不是
If you show up even once more ... then you'll really be dead!	以后再敢出现在我面前试试看
I warned you, didn't I?	我警告过你了吧
That if you showed up again, I'd kill you?	我警告过你 再敢出现在我面前 我就会杀了你
I do what I say.	我说到做到
If I say I'll kill you, I do it.	我说杀就真的会杀
Kill me.	杀啊
Kill me.	杀啊
You are crazy, huh? Yeah.	你是不是疯子
-Are you schizo?	对 你是变态吗
Go. Just go.	走快点走
Go back to your country.	回你国家去回你的国家去
Go back to Australia. Go, I said go.	回去澳洲...
I don't like you.	你快点走啊快点走
You're seriously not my type.	我不喜欢你
I don't even like thinking about guys like you, so leave.	你真的不是我喜欢的型 我最讨厌像你这种家伙了 你快走
Leave, please!	走拜托你快点离开这里
What are you doing, Eunchae? Who are you to tell my bro to go or not?	你在干嘛宋恩彩
Sleep well?	你凭什么命令我哥离开这里 睡得好吗
You sleep well too, bro?	你也睡得好吗
When'd you get here? - 1 hour.	来多久啦
- I have a photo shoot with my mom today.	来一个小时了 今天要跟我妈一块去拍照
Let's leave together when she comes out. Sure.	等我妈出来一起走吧
This man... the new manager is this man?	这个大叔 新来的司机就是这个大叔
-That's right, why? Are you nuts?	对啊怎么样
Are you crazy?	你发神经啊
How can you hire a dude like this?	你疯了吗 怎么让这种家伙...
How can you talk like that? A dude like him?	你说话真是难听
He's older than you are.	什么这种家伙 这位大哥不但年纪比你大
And... Are you on drugs today?	而且他还比你...
From this point on, I'm not you're coordinator.	你今天吃错药啦 从现在起我不做你的造型师了
Hire someone else. Sorry, sorry, sorry.	你去找别人
We're late because of me, right?	抱歉...
Mom, Eunchae says she won't be my coordinator from today.	我耽误太多时间了恩彩 妈恩彩说不做我的造型师了
-Don't know.	为什么
She says I should hire someone else.	不知道她要我找别人
-Why, Eunchae?	怎么了恩彩
Did Yoon do something wrong again? How could he hire anyone else?	小允又对你做错事了吗
Except for you, no one can handle Yoon.	他怎么能去找别人呢 这个星球除了你之外 没人受得了他的孩子气
It's not that.	可能要去别的星球找人了呢
-Our Yoon...	不是这样啦阿姨
I'll scorn him later.	好啦我会好好的修理他的
Lets go right now, we're late.	我一定替你出气好不好 好赶快走吧已经迟到了
You?	走吧 你...
He's my manager since yesterday, mom. You know Moohyuk, right?	从昨天开始由他做我的司机
It must be 'that day' for Eunchae.	妈 恩彩今天好像那个来了
She's weird.	小允
She says I'm disgusting.	她变得好奇怪
And a while ago, she swore at Moohyuk.	还说我恶心 而且她居然还骂武赫哥
She's random, that girl.	是那种家伙
-She is a grown-up woman...don't call her girl.	这个丫头简直造反了
That person, Eunchae did you get him to work?	怎么可以叫淑女是死丫头呢 这么说来
No.	他是靠恩彩你的关系进来的吗
No, ma'am.	不是啦
Isn't he your boyfriend, Eunchae?	怎么他不是你男朋友
No, nothing like that.	不是啦
Later... if you ask me who I'd choose between Moohyuk and you,	他不是啦阿姨 宋恩彩我跟你说 假如你问我武赫哥和你当中
I'd choose Moohyuk!	要选哪一个的话
Got that!	我一定会选择武赫哥
Why?	懂吗
Because Moohyuk is cool!	为什么
