周一，斯坦福大学医学院的科学家宣布，他们发明了一种可以将细胞按类型分类的新型诊断工具：一种可打印的微型芯片。这种芯片可以使用标准喷墨打印机制造，每片价格可能在一美分左右。	On Monday, scientists from the Stanford University School of Medicine announced the invention of a new diagnostic tool that can sort cells by type: a tiny printable chip that can be manufactured using standard inkjet printers for possibly about one U.S. cent each.
主要研究人员表示，这可以让低收入国家/地区的患者尽早发现癌症、肺结核、艾滋病和疟疾。在这些国家/地区，乳腺癌等疾病的生存率可能仅为富裕国家的一半。	Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries.
当地时间上午 9:30 左右 (UTC 0230)，JAS 39C 鹰狮战斗机撞上跑道并发生爆炸，导致机场关闭，商业航班无法正常起降。	The JAS 39C Gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time (0230 UTC) and exploded, closing the airport to commercial flights.
涉事飞行员是空军中队长迪罗里·帕塔维 (Dilokrit Pattavee)。	The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee.
当地媒体报道，一辆机场消防车在响应火警时翻了车。	Local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding.
三个赛季前，28岁的比达尔（Vidal）从塞维利亚队加盟巴萨。	28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla.
自从转会到加泰罗尼亚的首府球队，维达尔已经为俱乐部踢了 49 场比赛。	Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club.
抗议活动于当地时间 11:00 (UTC+1) 左右在白厅 (Whitehall) 开始，白厅对面是首相官邸唐宁街的入口处，由警察看守。	The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence.
11 点刚过，抗议者便堵住了白厅北行车道的交通。	Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall.
11 点 20 分，警察要求抗议者退回到人行道，并告知抗议者，在行使抗议权利时，务必考虑到越来越拥堵的公共交通问题。	At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up.
11 点 29 分左右，抗议人群向前行进至白厅，经过特拉法尔加广场、斯特兰德大街、奥德维奇、京士威，向霍尔本行进，保守党正在当地的 Grand Connaught Rooms 酒店举行春季论坛。	Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel.
纳达尔（Nadal）与加拿大人的交手记录是 7-2。	Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
不久前，他在布里斯班公开赛上败于拉奥尼奇。	He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open.
纳达尔（Nadal ）在比赛中把 88% 的净胜分收入囊中，在第一个发球局赢得 76 分。	Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
赛后，红土之王拉斐尔·纳达尔称：“我很开心重返能这项重大赛事的决赛，我会尽全力争取夺冠。”	After the match, King of Clay said, "I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."
“巴拿马文件” 是巴拿马莫萨克·冯塞卡律师事务所 (Mossack Fonseca) 约 1,000 万份文件的总称，这些文件在 2016 年春季被爆料给媒体。	"Panama Papers" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016.
文件显示，十四家银行帮助富有的客户隐藏了数十亿美元的财富来逃避税收和其它监管。	The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
英国《卫报》指出，在用于实现这一目标的 1200 家空壳公司中，德意志银行控制了大约三分之一。	British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
世界各地都发生了抗议活动，有几起刑事诉讼，冰岛和巴基斯坦政府的领导人都辞职了。	There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned.
马生于香港，曾就读于纽约大学和哈佛大学法学院，还一度持有美国永久居民身份证“绿卡”。	Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident "green card".
谢长廷在选举期间暗示，马英九在遇到危机时可能会逃离台湾。	Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
谢长廷还声称马英九虽然很上镜，但中看不中用。	Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance.
尽管受到这些指责，马英九在一次演讲中主张与中国大陆建立更加紧密的联系，并轻松获胜。	Despite these accusations, Ma won handily on a platform advocating closer ties with the Chinese mainland.
今日最佳选手是来自华盛顿首都队的亚历克斯·奥韦奇金。	Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
在华盛顿队以 5-3 的比分战胜亚特兰大鸫鸟队的比赛中，他贡献了 2 个进球和 2 次助攻。	He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
奥韦奇金（Ovechkin）当晚的第一个助攻，来自新秀尼克拉斯·贝克斯特伦 (Nicklas Backstrom) 的制胜一球;	Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
他当晚的第二个进球是他本赛季的第60个进球，成为自1995-96赛季以来首位在一个赛季中打进60个或更多进球的球员——在1995-96赛季，亚罗米尔·雅格和马里奥·拉缪都达到了这一里程碑。	his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone.
巴滕位列 2008 年全美最富有 400 人榜单第 190 位，预计其财富达到约 23 亿美元。	Batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 Richest Americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
他在 1950 年毕业于弗吉尼亚大学艺术与科学学院，并且是该校的重要捐赠者。	He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution.
伊拉克的阿布格莱布监狱在一次暴乱中着火。	Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
美军接管后，该监狱发现了虐囚事件，自此变得声名狼藉。	The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
在 2008 年新加坡大奖赛上，费尔南多·阿隆索提前进站后，小皮奎特发生撞车，迫使安全车出场。	Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car.
当位于阿隆索前面的赛车在安全车的引领下进行加油时，他趁机抢先，最终赢得了胜利。	As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
小皮奎特在 2009 年匈牙利大奖赛之后被解雇。	Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
正值上午 8 点 46 分，整座城市陷入了寂静，标示了第一架飞机撞上目标的确切时间。	At exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target.
两束光被临时造出，彻夜指向天空。	Two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
该地点正在建设五座新摩天大楼，中间有一个交通中心和纪念公园。	Construction is ongoing for five new skyscrapers at the site, with a transportation center and memorial park in the middle.
PBS 电视台的这个节目荣获二十多项艾美奖，其播出历史仅次于《芝麻街》和《罗杰斯先生的左邻右舍》。	The PBS show has more than two-dozen Emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
每集节目都会聚焦于特定图书中的某个主题，并通过多个故事对该主题展开探索活动。	Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
每期节目还会向孩子们提供建议，向推荐他们在去图书馆时应当查阅的书籍。	Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
来自水牛城 WNED 电台（“阅读彩虹”节目的主电台）的约翰·格兰特 (John Grant) 说：“阅读彩虹教会了孩子们为什么要阅读，……还有对阅读的热爱——（该节目）鼓励孩子们拿起书来潜心阅读。”	John Grant, from WNED Buffalo (Reading Rainbow's home station) said "Reading Rainbow taught kids why to read,... the love of reading — [the show] encouraged kids to pick up a book and to read."
约翰·格兰特等人认为，该节目之所以停播，是因为资金短缺，以及教育节目制作理念发生了转变。	It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series.
预报员称，这场位于佛得角群岛以西 645 英里（1040 公里）的风暴可能在对陆地地区造成威胁之前就会自行消散。	The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say.
“弗雷德”目前正以每小时 105 英里（每小时 165 公里）的风速向西北方向移动。	Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
“弗雷德”是卫星图像问世以来，在大西洋南部和东部记录到的最强热带气旋，也是有记录以来西经 35° 以东地区的第三大飓风。	Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W.
1759 年 9 月 24 日，阿瑟·吉尼斯在爱尔兰都柏林为圣詹姆斯之门啤酒厂签署了一份 9000 年的租约。	On September 24, 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland.
250 年后，健力士已经成长为年营业额 100 亿欧元（147亿美元）的全球性企业。	250 years later, Guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros (US$14.7 billion) every year.
今天，A1GP 新西兰队副驾驶约翰·里德 (Jonny Reid) 在合法驾驶的情况下，成为在有 48 年历史的新西兰奥克兰海港大桥上行驶最快的人，从而创造了历史。	Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally.
瑞德先生最终驾驶新西兰 A1GP 汽车“黑美人”，以超过 160 千米每小时的速度七次穿过桥梁。	Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge.
由于“黑美人”的底盘过低，新西兰警方没法用测速雷达枪来检测里德先生的车速。警方唯一一次成功检测到里德先生的车速，是在他将车速降到 160 公里/小时的时候。	The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h.
在过去的 3 个月里，超过 80 名被捕者在没有被正式起诉的情况下从中央拘留所释放。	In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged.
今年 4 月，格林法官针对该机构颁布了一项临时禁令，强制释放那些被关押 24 小时以上，却没有得到法庭专员听证的人。	In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner.
如果获得批准，法庭专员即可设定保释金，并最终确定执行逮捕的警员提出的指控。这些指控随后会录入该州的计算机系统，以便在其中对案件进行追踪。	The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked.
听证会也会根据嫌疑人的权利，定下快速审判的日期。	The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
澳大利亚财务部长、最有可能接替总理约翰·霍华德担任自由党领袖的彼得·科斯特洛，对澳大利亚的核电工业表示支持。	Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia.
科斯特洛先生说，当核能发电在经济上有可行性的时候，澳大利亚应当推进核电的使用。	Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use.
“如果可以用于商业目的，我们就应该推广这种方式。也就是说，原则上不存在反对核能的理由。”科斯特洛先生说道。	"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy" Mr Costello said.
安莎通讯社表示：“警方对多起高层遇袭事件感到担忧，担心这类事件可能会引发一场全面继任战争。	According to Ansa, "police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
警方表示，洛皮科洛之所以能占上风，是因为他曾是普罗文扎诺在巴勒莫的得力助手。他经验丰富，赢得了老一辈黑帮老大们的尊重，这些人奉行普罗文扎诺的政策，在增强帮派势力的同时，尽可能保持低调。	Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
1992 年，普罗文扎诺（Provenzano）结束了由里亚纳发动的反政府的战争，这场战争夺去了黑手党十字军乔瓦尼·法尔科内（Giovanni Falcone）和保罗·博尔塞利诺（Paolo Borsellino）的生命，随后这些老大们就被他控制住了。“	These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."
苹果公司的首席执行官史蒂夫·乔布斯走上舞台，从他的牛仔裤口袋里掏出 iPhone，揭开了这款设备的神秘面纱。	Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the device by walking onto the stage and taking the iPhone out of his jeans pocket.
在他时长 2 小时的演讲中，他声称：“现在苹果要重新发明手机，我们现在要创造历史。”	During his 2 hour speech he stated that "Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today".
巴西是世界上最大的罗马天主教国家，而该国的罗马天主教会向来反对同性婚姻合法化。	Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
10 年来，巴西国民议会一直就其合法性进行讨论，目前这种民间婚姻只在南里奥格兰德 (Rio Grande do Sul) 是合法的。	The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul.
最初的法案由前圣保罗市长玛尔塔·苏普里希草拟。这项经过修改的立法提案，目前由罗伯托·杰斐逊负责。	The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
抗议者希望在请愿书上收集 120 万个签名，并在十一月提交给国民议会。	Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November.
显然，很多家庭都在寻求法律帮助，以反对这种驱逐行为。为此，东湾社区法律中心于3月20日举行会议，帮助房屋诈骗的受害者。	After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam.
房客们开始聊起身边趣闻，这时大部分涉事家庭突然意识到，OHA 的卡罗琳·威尔逊私吞了他们的押金，溜出城去了。	When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town.
Lockwood Gardens 的租户认为，可能还有 40户 甚至更多的家庭面临被驱逐的命运，因为他们了解到，奥克兰住房管理局的警察还在调查奥克兰其他可能陷入房屋骗局的公房。	Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam.
乐队取消了演出活动，并向粉丝们表示了歉意。该场演出原本应在毛伊岛战争纪念体育场举行，预计将有 9000 人参与其中。	The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
乐队的经纪公司是香港管理公司（HK management Inc.），该公司在 9 月 20 日最初取消演出活动时并未给出原因，转天却将之归咎于后勤保障原因。	The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
希腊著名律师萨基斯·科查吉欧格鲁 (Sakis Kechagioglou) 和乔治·尼可拉考普洛斯 (George Nikolakopoulos) 因被判贪污和腐败被关押在雅典的 Korydallus 监狱。	The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption.
因此，随着法官、律师、法务官和检察官前几年的非法勾当曝光于世，在希腊法律界引发了一场大丑闻。	As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years.
几周前，议员兼律师马基斯·特里安塔菲洛普洛斯在阿尔法电视台的热门电视节目《Zoungla》中公布了这一消息，随后彼得罗斯·曼图瓦洛斯因其办公室成员涉嫌非法贪污受贿而被革职。	A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show "Zoungla" in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption.
此外，最高法官埃万杰洛斯·卡卢西斯因腐败和堕落行为被判入狱。	Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
罗伯茨断然拒绝谈论生命从何时开始的问题。这是考虑堕胎伦理时的一个重要问题，他说，评论可能发生的案件细节是不道德的。	Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases.
然而，他重申了先前的声明，即罗伊诉韦德案（Roe v. Wade）是“美国的既定法律”，并强调最高法院作出一致性裁决的重要性。	He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the "settled law of the land", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings.
他还确认，他赞成默示隐私权，而这默示隐私权是罗伊（Roe）案件的裁决依据。	He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon.
马鲁基多尔 (Maroochydore) 已经遥遥领先，以六分的优势领先第二名的努沙 (Noosa)。	Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second.
双方在主要的半决赛中较量。努萨以 11 分的优势获胜。	The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
马鲁基多尔 (Maroochydore) 随后在预决赛中击败了卡布尔彻 (Caboolture)。	Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final.
伊氏西爪龙属于驰龙科，是迅猛龙的表亲。	Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor .
据说，这种全身长满羽毛的温血猛禽像迅猛龙一样，用带爪子的两条腿直立行走。	This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor.
它的第二只爪子要大一些，因此得名“赫斯佩罗龙”，意思是“西方的爪”。	Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means "western claw."
不只是碎冰，极端的天气状况也让救援工作困难重重。	In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts.
皮特曼认为天气情况要到下周才能改善。	Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week.
皮特曼（Pittman）认为，这样的积冰的数量和厚度，是猎海豹船在过去 15 年以来遇到的最坏情况。	The amount and thickness of the pack ice, according to Pittman, is the worst it has been for sealers in the past 15 years.
今天红湖社区为杰夫·韦斯 (Jeff Weise) 和九名受害者中的三人举行葬礼时有消息称，另一名与 3 月 21 日校园枪击案有关的学生已被捕。	News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21.
除了确认今天的逮捕外，官方几乎没有发布任何其他信息。	Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
不过，一位知情人士向《明尼阿波利斯星坛报》透露，凶手是红湖部落（Red Lake Tribal）主席弗洛伊德·乔丹（Floyd Jourdain）之子，16 岁的路易斯·乔丹（Louis Jourdain）。	However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
目前既不知道将会被指控何种罪名，也不知道当局是如何认定这个男孩有犯罪嫌疑的，但联邦法院已经开始进行少年犯诉讼程序。	It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
洛丁（Lodin）还表示，官员们决定取消第二轮选举，是为了给阿富汗人节省再次选举的开支，同时避免选举的安全风险。	Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
外交官们表示在阿富汗宪法中发现了足够多的歧义，因此没有必要举办决胜选举。	Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
这与先前的报道相矛盾，先前的报道称取消决选本来是违反宪法的。	This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution.
飞机是飞往伊尔库茨克（Irkutsk）的，并且由内政部队负责驾驶。	The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
已经展开调查。	An inquiry was established to investigate.
伊尔-76 自 20 世纪 70 年代以来，一直是俄罗斯和苏联军队的主要组成部分，上个月在俄罗斯已经发生过一起严重事故。	The Il-76 has been a major component of both the Russian and Soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in Russia last month.
10 月 7 日，一台发动机在飞机起飞时脱离，未造成人员伤亡。该事故后，俄罗斯短暂停飞了伊尔-76。	On October 7 an engine separated on takeoff, without injuries. Russia briefly grounded Il-76s after that accident.
在阿拉斯加费尔班克斯（Fairbanks）南部发生数千桶原油泄漏后，横贯阿拉斯加、长达800英里的输油管道系统被关闭。	800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska.
消防指挥系统的例行测试引发了一场电力故障，故障使得安全阀开启，导致原油于格里利堡（Fort Greely）第 9 泵站附近溢出。	A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9.
阀门打开后，系统将释放压力，原油可通过油垫流入一个可容纳 55000 桶（230 万加仑）原油的油箱。	The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
截至周三下午，油箱的排气口仍在漏油，这很可能是由油箱内部的热膨胀造成的。	As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank.
在容积为 104,500 桶的蓄水池的下面，另一个二级防泄漏围护区还没有完全填满。	Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity.
这次电视直播是伊朗高层消息人士首次承认制裁产生的影响正在显现。	The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect.
这些措施包括金融限制和欧盟对原油出口的禁令，而伊朗经济有 80% 的国外收入来自原油出口。	They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income.
在最新一期的月报中，石油输出国组织声称原油出口已经跌到了二十年来的最低水平，仅为一天 280 万桶。	In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
伊朗最高领袖阿亚图拉·赛义德·阿里·哈梅内伊（Ayatollah Ali Khamenei）称，伊朗对石油的依赖是可追溯到1979年伊朗伊斯兰革命之前的“一个陷阱”，伊朗应该摆脱这个陷阱。	The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as "a trap" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself.
太空舱大约会在早上 5 点（东部时间）到达地球，并进入大气层，为北加州、俄勒冈州、内华达州和犹他州的居民上演一场精彩的焰火秀。	When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah.
太空舱看起来很像划过天空的流星。	The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
太空舱将以每秒约 12.8 公里（8 英里）的速度飞行，速度之快，足以在一分钟内从旧金山飞到洛杉矶。	The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
星尘号将打破 1969 年 5 月阿波罗 X 指令舱返回地球时创下的纪录，并创下空前的新纪录，成为返回地球最快的太空飞船。	Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module.
星尘号的项目经理汤姆·达克斯伯里 (Tom Duxbury) 说：“它将穿过北加州西海岸，从加州穿过俄勒冈州中部，然后穿过内华达州和爱达荷州，然后进入犹他州，照亮这些地方的天空。”	“It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah,” Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said.
陆克文先生决定签署《京都气候议定书》，这使得美国成为唯一没有签署该协议的发达国家。	Mr. Rudd's decision to sign the Kyoto climate accord isolates the United States, which will now be the only developed nation not to ratify the agreement.
澳大利亚前保守党政府拒绝签署《京都议定书》，声称由于澳大利亚严重依赖煤炭出口，该协议会削弱澳大利亚的经济，而印度和中国等国却未受排放目标的约束。	Australia's former conservative government refused to ratify Kyoto, saying it would damage the economy with its heavy reliance on coal exports, while countries like India and China were not bound by emissions targets.
这是 eBay 史上最大型的一次收购。	It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history.
该公司希望实现利润来源的多元化，并在 Skype 广泛普及的中国、东欧和巴西等地区提高知名度。	The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil.
科学家怀疑土卫二有活跃的地质活动，而且可能是冰冻的土星 E 光环的来源。	Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
土卫二 (Enceladus) 是太阳系中反射能力最强的物体，能反射约90％照射到它表面的太阳光。	Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.
游戏发行商科乐美（Konami）今天在一家日本报纸上发表声明，他们不会发行《费卢杰六日》这款游戏。	The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
这款游戏以第二次费卢杰（Fallujah）战役为背景，这是美军和伊拉克军队之间的一场恶战。	The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces.
ACMA 还发现，尽管视频已经在互联网上播放，但《老大哥》（Big Brothe）并未违反在线内容审查的法律，因为该媒体并未保存在《老大哥》的网站上。	The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website.
《广播服务法》规定了对互联网内容如何监管，但只有实际储存在服务器上的内容才能被视为互联网内容。	The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server.
位于肯尼亚内罗毕的美国大使馆发出了警告称，“索马里极端分子”正策划在肯尼亚和埃塞俄比亚发动自杀性炸弹袭击。	The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that "extremists from Somalia" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia.
“美国表示，他们收到了来自一名不愿公开身份的人士提供的信息，其中专门提到了通过自杀炸弹袭击者炸毁埃塞俄比亚和肯尼亚的‘著名地标’。”	The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up "prominent landmarks" in Ethiopia and Kenya.
早在《每日秀》（The Daily Show）和《科尔伯特报告》（Colbert Report）之前，赫克（Heck）和约翰逊（Johnson）在 1988 年还在华盛顿大学求学时期，就曾构想过一份出版物，以嘲讽的形式戏说新闻（包括新闻报道）。	Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news—and news reporting—when they were students at UW in 1988.
自创办以来，《洋葱报》已经成为一个名副其实的讽刺戏仿类新闻帝国，旗下拥有印刷刊物、网站（10 月份吸引了 500 万独立访问者）、个人广告、24 小时新闻网络、播客，以及近期推出的名为《我们的愚蠢世界》的世界地图集。	Since its inception, The Onion has become a veritable news parody empire, with a print edition, a website that drew 5,000,000 unique visitors in the month of October, personal ads, a 24 hour news network, podcasts, and a recently launched world atlas called Our Dumb World.
艾伯特·戈尔和汤米·弗兰克斯将军漫不经心地吐露出他们最喜欢的头条（当时洋葱网曾报道说，戈尔在2000年竞选失利后，与其妻子蒂珀享受了一生中最美好的性爱时光）。	Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat).
其中的许多作者后来对乔恩·斯图尔特 (Jon Stewart) 和史蒂芬·科尔伯特 (Stephen Colbert) 的新闻恶搞节目产生了巨大影响。	Many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's news parody shows.
这一艺术活动也是布加勒斯特市政厅发起的宣传活动的组成部分之一，旨在重新塑造罗马尼亚首都，打造出富有创意、多姿多彩的大都市形象。	The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
今年 6 月至 8 月，这座城市将成为东南欧第一个举办全球最大公共艺术活动奔牛节的城市。	The city will be the first in southeastern Europe to host CowParade, the world's largest public art event, between June and August this year.
今天的公告也延续了政府在今年 3 月作出的承诺：为额外车厢提供资金援助。	Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages.
新增 300 节车厢，使总车厢数达到 1300 节，以此缓解过度拥挤的情况。	An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding.
洛杉矶警察局发言人克里斯托弗·加西亚（Christopher Garcia）表示，该名男性嫌疑人正接受调查，被调查的原因是非法侵入，而不是故意破坏公物。	Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism.
该标志没有受到实际损坏；这一改动是用装饰着和平与爱心标志的黑色防水油布将字母 “O” 改成了可读性强的小写 “e”完成的。	The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the "O" to read lowercase "e".
赤潮的起因源于腰鞭毛藻的浓度高于正常水平。它是一种自然产生的单细胞海洋生物。	Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism.
自然因素可以互相配合产生理想的条件，让这种藻类的数量急剧增加。	Natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically.
藻类能产生一种神经毒素，能破坏人类和鱼类的神经。	The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
鱼类经常由于水中毒素浓度极高而死亡。	Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
人如果吸入通过风和海浪进入空气的受污染水气，就可能受到影响。	Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
热带气旋风暴古努（以马尔代夫语中一种以棕榈叶编织的袋子命名），在最高峰时风速可达每小时 240 千米（每小时 149 英里）。	At its peak, Tropical Cyclone Gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the Maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour) .
到今天早些时候，风速为每小时 83 公里左右，预计会不断减弱。	By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening.
出于对新冠疫情的担忧，美国国家篮球协会 (NBA) 周三暂停了职业篮球赛季。	On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19.
犹他爵士队的一名球员新冠肺炎病毒检测呈阳性，NBA 随即做出了这项决定。	The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
根据这块化石，这意味着分裂较分子证据所预计的要早得多。	"Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence.
这意味着一切都要推到更久之前。“埃塞俄比亚裂谷研究所的研究员、该研究的合著者 Berhane Asfaw 如是说。	That means everything has to be put back," said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw.
到目前为止，由于 AOL 已在美国广泛普及，该公司能够按照自己的节奏推进和开发即时通讯市场。	Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States.
在这样的安排下，这种自由可能就要结束了。	With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end.
雅虎和微软服务的用户总和，与美国在线的客户数不相上下。	The number of users of the Yahoo! and Microsoft services combined will rival the number of AOL's customers.
北岩银行在 2008 年被收归国有，此前有消息称，该公司获得了英国政府的紧急援助。	The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government.
由于在 2007 年次贷危机期间遭到曝光，北岩银行 (Northern Rock) 曾请求政府提供援助。	Northern Rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007.
布兰森爵士 (Sir Richard Branson) 的维珍集团 (Virgin Group) 在该银行进行国有化之前曾出价收购，但遭到拒绝。	Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group had a bid for the bank rejected prior to the bank’s nationalisation.
2010 年，当时的高街银行北岩银行（Northern Rock plc）在国有化的同时，从 “坏银行” 北岩资产管理公司 （Northern Rock Asset Management）中剥离出来。	In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the ‘bad bank’, Northern Rock (Asset Management).
维珍集团只收购了北岩银行“好的部分”，没有收购其资产管理公司。	Virgin have only purchased the ‘good bank’ of Northern Rock, not the asset management company.
这被认为是人类历史上第五次观测到经过化学方式证实的火星物质坠落到地球上。	This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
在已知的大约 24,000 块坠落至地球的陨石中，经核实只有 34 块是来自火星。	Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin.
这些岩石中的十五块来源于去年七月份的流星雨。	Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July.
其中一些岩石在地球上非常稀有，售价在每盎司 11,000 美元到 22,500 美元之间，比黄金的价格高出约十倍。	Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold.
比赛结束后，凯塞洛斯基以 2,250 分的成绩，继续在车手积分榜上高居榜首。	Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points.
约翰逊落后 7 分，以 2243 分排名第二。	Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243.
哈姆林落后二十分，是第三名，但领先鲍耶五分。卡纳 (Kahne) 和小楚克斯 (Truex, Jr.) 分别以 2,220 和 2,207 分位列第五和第六。	In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points.
斯图尔特、戈登 、肯塞斯和哈维克在本赛季还剩四场比赛的情况下，进入车手积分榜前十名。	Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season.
美国海军还表示，他们正在调查这起事件。	The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident.
他们还在一份声明中表示，“船员目前正在确定安全撤离军舰的最佳方法”。	They also said in a statement, "The crew is currently working to determine the best method of safely extracting the ship".
这是一艘复仇者级别的反水雷舰，正在前往巴拉望的普林塞萨港的途中。	An Avenger class mine countermeasures ship, the ship was on its way to Puerto Princesa in Palawan.
它属于美国海军第七舰队，部署在日本长崎佐世保。	It is assigned to the U.S. Navy’s Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan.
2008 年 11 月 26 日，孟买袭击者带着手榴弹和自动武器乘船抵达。他们袭击了多个目标，包括人群密集的查特拉帕蒂·希瓦吉 (Chhatrapati Shivaji) 火车站和著名的泰姬陵酒店。	The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel.
戴维·黑德利（David Headley）的侦察和情报搜集工作，促使巴基斯坦激进组织虔诚军（Laskhar-e-Taiba）的 10 名枪手发动这次行动。	David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
这次袭击事件给印巴关系造成了巨大压力。	The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
在这些官员的陪同下，他向德克萨斯州的公民保证，政府正在采取措施来保护公众的安全。	Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
佩里特别指出：“世界上几乎没有其他设备更齐全的地方，能更好地应对这种情况下带来的挑战。”	Perry specifically said, "There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."
州长还表示：“今天，我们得知一些学龄儿童已被确认曾与该患者有过接触。”	The governor also stated, "Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
他又称：“这个病例很严重。但我们的医疗系统运作良好，请大家放心。”	He went on to say, "This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."
如果这一发现得到证实，艾伦对武藏号 8 年的搜寻工作就大功告成了。	If confirmed, the find completes Allen's eight-year search for the Musashi.
在测绘海床后，借助遥控无人潜水器 (ROV) 找到了沉船。	Following seabed mapping the wreck was found using an ROV.
艾伦是世界上最富有的人之一。据报道，他将很大一部分财富投资到海洋勘探上，并因为毕生对战争的浓厚兴趣而开始寻找武藏号。	One of the world's richest people, Allen has reportedly invested much of his wealth in marine exploration and began his quest to find the Musashi out of a lifelong interest in the war.
在亚特兰大期间，她获得了评论界的赞誉，并因创新城市教育而得到表彰。	She gained critical acclaim during her time in Atlanta and was recognized for innovative urban education.
2009 年，她被授予全国年度校长称号。	In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
在她荣获此头衔之际，亚特兰大的学校在考试成绩上有了很大的提高。	At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores.
此后不久，《亚特兰大宪法报》发表了一份报告，指出了检测结果存在的问题。	Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results.
报告显示，考试成绩提升速度快得令人难以置信，并称学校内部发现了问题，但没有根据这一发现采取行动。	The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings.
此后的证据表明试卷被篡改过，霍尔 (Hall) 和其他 34 名教育官员因此在 2013 年被起诉。	Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013.
为整顿这一局面，爱尔兰政府迫切希望议会推出立法。	The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
“不管是从公共卫生的角度还是刑事司法的角度来看，现在都应当尽快立法。”一位政府发言人说道。	"It is now important from both a public health and criminal justice perspective that the legislation be enacted as soon as possible", said a government spokesperson.
卫生部长对以下两方面表示了关切：利用所涉物质暂时合法性谋取个人利益的人员保障，以及自（现在看来）违宪的修改条例生效以来所作出的与毒品有关的定罪。	The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect.
今天早些时候，贾克 (Jarque) 在意大利科维尔恰诺 (Coverciano) 进行季前赛训练。在周日与博洛尼亚队 (Bolonia) 对阵之前，他在球队的酒店里下榻。	Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
他当时正在球队的酒店下榻，为星期天迎战博洛尼亚队做准备。	He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
当时，大巴车正在开往密苏里州圣路易市的六旗镇，观众正在那里等待乐队的表演，座无虚席。	The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
据目击者称，周六凌晨 1 点 15 分，公交车在绿灯通行时，有一辆车在其前方转弯。	At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it.
截至 8 月 9 日晚，台风莫拉克的台风眼距离中国福建省约 70 公里。	As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
预计台风正以每小时十一公里的速度靠近中国。	The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph.
因为乘客在90度（F）度的高温下等待，他们得以领取了分发的水。	Passengers were given water as they waited in 90(F)-degree heat.
消防队长斯科特·库恩斯表示：“圣塔克拉拉当天十分燥热，温度得有 90 多华氏度高。"	Fire captain Scott Kouns said, "It was a hot day in the Santa Clara with temperatures in the 90s.
被困在过山车上的每分每秒都很不舒服，可以毫不夸张地说，我们花了至少一个小时才把第一个人从过山车上救下来。”	Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride."
在赢得一级方程式赛车锦标赛 (Formula 1) 总冠军七次后于 2006 年退役的名将舒马赫 (Schumacher)，将接替受伤的菲利佩·马萨 (Felipe Massa)。	Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa.
这位巴西选手在 2009 年匈牙利大奖赛期间发生车祸，头部严重受伤。	The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
马萨 (Massa) 至少在 2009 赛季的其余比赛中都不会出场。	Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
总统内务大臣罗德里戈·阿里亚斯表示，阿里亚斯的检测结果呈阳性，为轻度病毒感染。	Arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said.
尽管总统将居家隔离数日，但他的病情很稳定。	The president's condition is stable, though he will be isolated at home for several days.
“除了发烧和喉咙痛外，我感觉不错，身体状况良好，并以远程办公形式继续着我的工作。	"Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting.
阿里亚斯 (Arias) 在一份声明中表示：“我有望在周一恢复所有工作。”	I expect to return to all my duties on Monday," Arias said in a statement.
费利西亚 （Felicia） 曾经是萨菲尔-辛普森 （Saffir-Simpson） 飓风级别的 4 级风暴，周二消散前减弱为热带低气压。	Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday.
其余威为大部分岛屿带来了阵雨，但截至目前，还没有损坏或洪水的相关报告。	Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported.
欧胡岛（Oahu）的降雨量达到了 6.34 英寸，被称为“有益的”。	The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as "beneficial".
有些降雨会伴随雷暴和频繁的闪电。	Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
作为巴布亚新几内亚航空公司的 CG4684 次航班，该“双水獭”飞机昨天曾试图降落在科科达机场，但已经失败过一次。	The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already.
在原计划第二次接近进行着陆前约十分钟，它消失了。	About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
今天，坠机地点已经确定。由于交通不便，两名警察通过直升飞机吊索进入丛林，徒步前往现场搜救幸存者。	The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
导致飞机着陆失败的恶劣天气，也使搜索工作受到了阻碍。	The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
据报道，麦克白大街（Macbeth Street）的一间公寓因煤气泄漏而发生爆炸。	According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
在一位邻居打电话称发生煤气泄漏之后，煤气公司的一名高级职员在现场进行汇报。	An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
官员到达后，公寓发生了爆炸。	When the official arrived, the apartment exploded.
据报告并没有发生重大伤亡，但至少有5 人因身处爆炸现场而出现休克症状，接受了治疗。	No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
公寓里没有人。	No one was inside the apartment.
当时，该地区有近 100 名居民被疏散。	At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
高尔夫球和英式橄榄球都将再次回归，成为奥运会正式比赛项目。	Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
今天，国际奥委会在柏林举行执行理事会会议，会上投票决定了要纳入的体育项目。橄榄球（更确切地说，联合会式橄榄球）以及高尔夫击败了其他五项运动，被选定为奥运会的参赛项目。	The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics.
壁球、空手道和旱冰运动以及棒球和垒球都曾试图进入奥林匹克项目，而后两个项目在 2005 年落选了。	Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005.
这项投票还必须于 10 月份在哥本哈根举行的会议上得到 IOC 全体成员的批准。	The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen.
并非所有人都支持女性参赛。	Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
2004 年奥运会银牌得主阿米尔·可汗（Amir Khan）表示：“在内心深处，我认为女人不应该参加比赛。这是我的观点。”	2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, "Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."
尽管他如此评说，他表示会支持英国选手参加伦敦主办的 2012 年奥运会。	Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London.
审判在伯明翰皇家法院进行，并于 8 月 3 日审结。	The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
现场被捕的主持人否定了袭击，并声称有多达三十个人向他投掷瓶子，他用棍子是为了不让自己受到伤害。	The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
布雷克（Blake）还因企图妨碍司法公正而被定罪。	Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
法官告诉布莱克，他的入狱“几乎是铁定的”。	The judge told Blake it was "almost inevitable" he was going to be sent to jail.
暗能量是一种完全看不见的能量，不断地驱动宇宙运动。	Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
人们之所以知道它的存在，只是因为它对宇宙扩张的影响。	Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
科学家发现了一种遍布月球表面的地貌，称为瓣状裂谷，这显然是由于月球非常缓慢地收缩造成的。	Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly.
这些陡坡在月球上随处可见，而且几乎没有受到风化。这表明形成这些陡坡的地质事件是在相对近期发生的。	These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent.
该理论反驳了月球上不存在任何地质活动的说法。	This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
据说该男子驾驶一辆装有炸药的三轮车驶进了人群当中。	The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
涉嫌引爆炸弹的男子在爆炸中受伤，随后被拘留。	The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast.
当局仍然不知道他的名字，只知道他是维吾尔族人。	His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
2007年9月17日，纳迪亚在俄罗斯阿莱克斯的一家妇产科诊所的剖腹产出生，体重达17磅1盎司。	Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce.
“我们都非常震惊，”这位母亲表示。	"We were all simply in shock," the mother stated.
当被问及父亲说了什么时，她回答说：“他什么也说不出来，只是站在那里，眨着眼。”	When asked what the father said, she answered "He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking."
它会像水一样流动。它和水一样透明。	"It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is.
所以如果你站在海岸线旁边，就能看到底部的各类鹅卵石或泥状物。	So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom.
斯托芬补充道：“据我们所知，只有一颗行星星体比土卫六表现得更有活力，那就是地球。”	As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth," added Stofan.
该问题从 1 月 1 日开始，当时数十名当地居民开始向奥巴那泽邮局 (Obanazawa Post Office) 投诉，称他们没有收到传统和定期寄送的新年贺卡。	The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards.
昨天，在发现男孩隐藏了 600 多份邮政文件后，邮局向市民和媒体道歉，藏起来的文件包括了 429 张未送到收件人手中的新年明信片。	Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients.
无人驾驶月球轨道飞行器月船一号发射了月球撞击探测器，该探测器以每秒 1.5 公里(每小时 3000 英里) 的速度掠过月球表面，并在月球南极附近成功硬着陆	The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole.
除了搭载三台重要的科学仪器，月球探测器的每一侧都印有印度国旗图案。	Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides.
“有人帮助像我这样的罪犯，感谢那些人。” 报道引用了 Siriporn 在新闻发布会上说的那句话。	"Thanks for those who supported a convict like me," Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
“有些人可能不同意，但我不在乎。”	"Some may not agree but I don't care.
看到有人愿意支持我，我很高兴。	I am happy that there are people willing to support me.
自 1947 年巴基斯坦从英国麾下独立以来，巴基斯坦总统就任命“政治代理”来管理 FATA，而 FATA 则对该地区实行几乎完全的自治。	Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed "Political Agents" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas.
这些代理人负责根据《巴基斯坦宪法》第 247 条提供政府和司法服务。	These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution.
当地时间上午约十时，伊斯兰圣城麦加的一家旅馆坍塌了。	A hostel collapsed in Mecca, the holy city of Islam at about 10 o'clock this morning local time.
这栋楼里住着一些朝圣者，他们是在麦加朝圣前夕来到这座圣城的。	The building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage.
旅馆的客人大多是阿联酋公民。	The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates.
死亡人数至少为 15 人，预计还会增加。	The death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise.
被称为“11 号宇航员”的列昂诺夫是苏联最早的宇航员团队中的一员。	Leonov, also known as "cosmonaut No. 11", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts.
1965 年 3 月 18 日，他完成了首次载人舱外活动（ EVA，俗称“太空漫步”），在航天器外独自维持了 12 分钟多一点。	On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or "spacewalk", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes.
由于工作表现出色，他获得了苏联最高荣誉“苏联英雄”的称号。	He received the "Hero of the Soviet Union", the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work.
十年之后，他领导了阿波罗-联盟号任务的苏联部分，这标志着太空竞赛已经结束。	Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over.
她说：“没有情报表明近期会有袭击发生。	She said, "There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
“然而，把威胁等级降到严重级别并不意味着整体威胁已经消失。”	However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
尽管当局还不确定威胁是否属实，但马里兰运输局在联邦调查局的敦促下关闭了该设施。	While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI.
自卸卡车用来封锁隧道入口， 80 名警察于现场协助指挥驾车者绕行。	Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours.
在该市的备用线路即环城高速公路上，没有出现严重的交通延误。	There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route.
尼日利亚日前宣布，计划在峰会召开的前一周内加入非洲大陆自由贸易区 (AfCFTA)。	Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit.
非洲联盟贸易和工业专员艾伯特·穆坎加宣布贝宁将加入联盟。	AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
特派员表示：“我们尚未就原产地规则和关税协定达成一致，但我们现有的框架足以满足 2020 年 7 月 1 日开始贸易的需要。”	The commissioner said, "We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020".
尽管早些时候在空间站任务中丢失了一个陀螺仪，但空间站一直保持着它的姿态，直到太空行走任务结束。	The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk.
据报告，焦立中（Chiao）和沙里波夫（Sharipov）与调姿推进器的距离是安全的。	Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
俄罗斯地面控制中心启动了飞机，空间站随即恢复正常姿态。	Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
作为发起指控的公司，领先的互联网服务提供商美国在线 (AOL) 的总部位于弗吉尼亚州，因此这起案件在弗吉尼亚州起诉。	The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges.
这是首次按照 2003 年颁布的法律来定罪，该法律旨在遏制未经请求就向用户邮箱发送大量电子邮件（又称垃圾邮件）的行为。	This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes.
21 岁的杰西（Jesus）于 2017 年 1 月从巴西的帕尔梅拉斯足球俱乐部加盟曼城，据报道其转会费为 2700 万英镑。	21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
从那以后，这位巴西人代表该俱乐部参加了全部比赛中的 53 场，并打进了 24 球。	Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
李博士还对感染了 H5N1 禽流感病毒的土耳其儿童尚未发病的报道表示关切。	Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
他特别提到一些研究表明，在引发全球性疫情之前，这种疾病必须先降低自身的致命性。	Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
令人担心的是，如果流感症状不明显，患者可能会在日常生活中继续传染更多的人。	There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild.
科曼基金会 (Komen Foundation) 发言人莱斯利·昂恩 (Leslie Aun) 表示，该组织采用了一项新规定，不允许向正在接受法律调查的组织提供资助或资金。	Leslie Aun, a spokesperson for the Komen Foundation, said the organization adopted a new rule that does not allow grants or funding to be awarded to organizations that are under legal investigation.
科曼的政策让计划生育计划搁浅，因为在等待众议员克里夫·斯特恩斯 (Cliff Stearns) 执行的计划生育计划资金支出和报告调查结果。	Komen's policy disqualified Planned Parenthood due to a pending investigation on how Planned Parenthood spends and reports its money that is being conducted by Representative Cliff Stearns.
作为众议院能源和商业委员会 (House Energy and Commerce Committee) 管理下的监督和调查小组委员会主席，斯特恩斯 (Stearns) 目前正在调查是否有利用税收通过计划生育资助堕胎的行为。	Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his role as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
前马萨诸塞州州长米特·罗姆尼星期二以超过 46% 的选票在佛罗里达州的共和党总统初选中获胜。	Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
前美国众议院议长纽特·金里奇获得 32% 的选票，位居第二。	Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
作为一个“赢者通吃”的州，佛罗里达州将所有 50 张选举代表票都投给了罗姆尼，使他在共和党提名中保持领先。	As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination.
抗议活动的组织者称，大约有 10 万人出现在柏林、科隆、汉堡和汉诺威等德国城市。	Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
警方估计柏林有 6,500 名抗议者。	In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
抗议还发生在巴黎、保加利亚的索非亚、立陶宛的维尔纽斯、马耳他的瓦莱塔、爱沙尼亚的塔林以及苏格兰的爱丁堡和格拉斯哥。	Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
伦敦约有 200 人在主要的版权持有者的办公室外抗议。	In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
上一个月，波兰签署《ACTA》时，国内爆发大规模抗议活动，致使波兰政府决定暂缓批准该协议。	Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
拉脱维亚和斯洛伐克都推迟了加入 ACTA 的进程。	Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA.
动物解放组织和皇家防止虐待动物协会 (RSPCA) 再次呼吁在澳大利亚所有屠宰场强制安装闭路电视摄像头。	Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
英国皇家防止虐待动物协会 (RSPCA ) 新南威尔士州总督察大卫·奥沙纳西 (David O'Shannessy) 告诉 ABC，在澳大利亚监管和视察屠宰场应该是司空见惯的事。	RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia.
“对那些照看动物的人，监控系统肯定会是一种强烈的暗示，那就是动物福利才是最重要的。”	"The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."
美国地质调查局国际地震地图显示，冰岛在前一周并未发生地震。	The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior.
冰岛气象局也报告说，在过去 48 小时内，赫克拉（Hekla）地区并没有发生地震活动。	The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours.
导致相位变化的重大地震活动于 3 月 10 日发生在该火山顶部火山口的东北侧。	The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
据报道，山底出现了与火山活动无关的乌云。	Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
这些云可能会让人们怀疑火山到底有没有真正喷发过。	The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
“Luno”号上载有 120-160 立方米的燃料。在发生故障后，大风和海浪把它推到了防波堤上。	The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater.
直升机救出了 12 名船员，其中只有一人受伤，鼻骨骨折。	Helicopters rescued the twelve crewmembers and the only injury was a broken nose.
这艘 100 米长的船是去装载常见的化肥货物的，起初官员们担心这艘船上装的货物可能会泄漏。	The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load.
修正议案在 2011 年就在两院通过了。	The proposed amendment already passed both houses in 2011.
本次的立法会议进行了一处修改，先是众议院删除了其中的第二句话语，随后参议院在周一如法炮制，使其获准通过。	A change was made this legislative session when the second sentence was deleted first by the House of Representatives and then was passed in a similar form by the Senate Monday.
禁止同性民事结合的第二个语句未能通过，这可能会为未来的同性婚姻打开大门。	The failure of the second sentence, which proposes to ban same-sex civil unions, could possibly open the door for civil unions in the future.
在这一过程之后，下一届选举产生的立法机构，将在 2015 年或 2016 年再次审查 HJR-3 决议，确保它持续贯彻执行。	Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislature in either 2015 or 2016 to remain in process.
除了导演电影，沃蒂埃的成就还包括 1973 年为反对他眼中的政治钳制而发起的绝食抗议。	Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship.
此次抗议使法国的法律得到修改。他的这种激进行为可以追溯到 15 岁那年，当时是二战时期，他奋不顾身地投身到法国保卫战中。	French law was changed. His activism went back to age 15 when he joined the French Resistance during World War II.
他在 1998 年出版了一本自传，记录了自己的生平事迹。	He documented himself in a 1998 book.
20 世纪 60 年代，他回到刚刚独立的阿尔及利亚，教授电影导演知识。	In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing.
日本柔道选手、两枚奥运会金牌得主齐藤仁 (Hitoshi Saito) 逝世，享年 54 岁。	Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
宣布的死因是肝内胆管癌。	The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
周二，他在大阪去世。	He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
作为前奥运冠军和世界冠军的齐藤仁，在去世前担任全日本柔道联盟训练委员会主席。	As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
至少有 100 人参加此次聚会，庆祝一对夫妇的结婚一周年纪念日。	At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
官方称，这对夫妇原定于稍后举行正式的周年纪念活动。	A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
一年前，这对夫妇在德克萨斯州结婚，之后来到布法罗和亲友共同庆祝。	The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
这名30岁的丈夫出生于布法罗，是枪击案中的四名死者之一，但他的妻子没有受伤。	The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt.
卡诺是一位鼎鼎有名但颇具争议的英语教师，他曾在现代教育和英皇教育任教，他声称，在职业生涯的巅峰时期，他有 9000 名学生。	Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
在他的笔记中，他使用了一些家长认为粗俗的词语，据称他也在课堂上讲过脏话。	In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class.
现代教育集团指控他未经授权就在公交车上刊登大型广告，并谎称自己是首席英语教师。	Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor.
他也曾被指控侵犯版权，但没有受到起诉。	He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged.
他教过的一个学生说，老师“会在课堂上使用俚语，在笔记里教授约会技巧，就像是学生的朋友一样。"	A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'
在过去三十年里，尽管官方层面仍然是个共产主义国家，中国已经发展了市场经济。	During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy.
第一次经济改革是在邓小平的领导下进行的。	The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
从那时候开始，中国的经济规模增长了 90 倍。	Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times.
去年，中国的汽车出口量首次超过德国，并超越美国成为汽车出口最大的市场。	For the first time, last year China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the biggest market for this industry.
中国的 GDP 有可能在 20 年内反超美国。	China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades.
热带风暴“丹妮尔”在大西洋东部形成，它是 2010 年大西洋飓风季第四个获得命名的风暴。	Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
这场风暴距离佛罗里达州迈阿密约 3000 英里，最大持续风速为每小时 40 英里（64 公里每小时）。	The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph).
美国国家飓风中心的科学家预测，丹妮尔在星期三前将增强为一场大飓风。	Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday.
鉴于风暴远未登陆，目前仍难以评估它对美国或加勒比地区的潜在影响。	As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean.
博贝克出生于克罗地亚首都萨格勒布，在为贝尔格莱德游击队足球俱乐部效力时成名。	Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade.
他于 1945 年加入球队，一直效力到 1958 年。	He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
在该球队效力期间，他出场 468 次攻入 403 球。	During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances.
没有人比博贝克 (Bobek) 的出场次数更多、为俱乐部进球得分更多的了。	No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
1995 年，他当选为游击队史上最佳球员。	In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history.
世界著名的太阳马戏团上演了一场特别表演，为庆祝活动拉开了序幕。	The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
紧随其后的是伊斯坦布尔国家交响乐团 (Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra)、一支禁卫军乐队以及歌手法提赫·埃尔科克 (Fatih Erkoc) 和穆斯林·古尔斯 (Muslum Gurses)。	It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
然后，旋转的苦行僧出现在舞台上。	Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage.
土耳其歌剧女歌唱家茜泽·阿克苏 （Sezen Aksu）与意大利男高音亚历山德罗·沙费纳（Alessandro Safina）和希腊歌手哈里斯·阿莱克修（Haris Alexiou）同台表演。	Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
作为压轴，土耳其舞蹈团”安纳托利亚之火“表演了节目《特洛伊》。	To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show "Troy".
13 岁的摩托车赛车手彼得·伦茨在印第安纳波利斯赛车场上发生车祸丧生。	Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
在赛道上热身时，伦茨 (Lenz) 从自行车上摔了下来，然后被跟在后面的赛车手泽维尔·扎亚特 (Xavier Zayat) 撞到。	While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat.
当时，在场的医务人员立即对他进行了抢救，并将他送往当地一家医院，后来他因救治无效身亡。	He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
遭遇事故的扎亚特没有受伤。	Zayat was unhurt in the accident.
关于全球金融形势，萨帕特罗继续说道：“金融体系是经济的一部分，一个关键部分。	Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that "the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part.
“金融危机持续了一年之久，以过去两个月最为严重，我认为现在金融市场正在开始复苏。”	We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
上周，裸体新闻 (Naked News) 宣布将推出三档新的广播节目，以此大幅增加其在新闻报道中的国际语言授权。	Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts.
该全球组织已经使用英语和日语进行报道，目前正在为电视、网络和移动设备推出西班牙语、意大利语和韩语节目。	Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices.
“幸运的是我没有发生什么事，但我看到了可怕的一幕，人们试着打破窗户逃出去。	"Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out.
人们用椅子敲打玻璃，但窗户却坚不可摧。	People were hitting the panes with chairs, but the windows were unbreakable.
幸存者弗朗齐歇克·科瓦尔说：“终于有一块玻璃碎了，他们开始从窗户逃出去。”	One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window," said survivor Franciszek Kowal.
恒星会散发光和热，这是因为氢原子结合（或聚变）在一起形成更重的元素时产生了能量。	Stars give off light and heat because of the energy made when hydrogen atoms are merged (or fused) together to form heavier elements.
科学家目前致力打造一种可通过相同的方式产生能量的反应堆。	Scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way.
然而，这是一个很难解决的问题。需要很多年的时间，我们才能看到实用的聚变反应堆建成。	This, however, is a very hard problem to solve and will take many years before we see useful fusion reactors built.
由于表面张力的作用，钢针可以浮在水面上。	The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
发生表面张力的原因，是水面的水分子之间互相强烈吸引，它们之间的引力比与水分子与上方空气分子之间的吸引力要大。	Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
水分子在水的表面形成了一层看不见的外皮，这层外皮可以让针这样的东西浮在水面上。	The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
现代溜冰鞋的刀刃是双刃的，刃与刃之间有一个凹洞。双刃对冰有更好的抓力（即使是在倾斜的时候）。	The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted.
由于刀片的底部略弯曲，当刀片歪向其中一侧时，与冰接触的刀边弯曲了。	Because the bottom of the blade is slightly curved, as the blade tilts to one side or the other, the edge which is in contact with the ice also curves.
这样一来，溜冰者就可以转弯。冰刀向右倾斜，溜冰者就转向右边。冰刀向左倾斜，溜冰者就转向左边。	This causes the skater to turn. If the skates tilt to the right, the skater turns right, if the skates tilt to the left, the skater turns left.
它们必须消除从光中得到的多余能量。，才能恢复到之前的能量等级。	To return to their previous energy level, they must get rid of the extra energy they got from the light.
它们是通过发射一种被称为“光子”的微小光粒子做到这一点的。	They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a "photon".
科学家把这一过程称为“受激辐射”，因为原子受到强光的刺激，引起光子的发射，而光也是辐射的一种。	Scientists call this process "stimulated emission of radiation" because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation.
下一张图片显示的是原子发射光子的情况。当然，实际上光子要比图片上的样子小得多。	The next picture shows the atoms emitting photons. Of course, in reality photons are a lot smaller than those in the picture.
光子甚至比构成原子的物质还要小！	Photons are even smaller than the stuff that makes up atoms!
使用几百个小时后，灯丝最终被烧坏，而灯泡也不亮了。	After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works.
然后需要更换灯泡。更换灯泡时必须小心操作。	The light bulb then needs replacing. It is necessary to be careful in replacing the light bulb.
首先，务必关闭照明灯具的开关或断开电缆连接。	First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected.
这是因为，当灯泡还有一部分与插座相连时，当你接触到插座内部或灯泡的金属底座时，电流会流入插座（灯泡金属底座的连接处），让你受到严重的电击。	This is because electricity flowing into the socket where the metallic part of bulb sits can give you a severe electric shock if you touch the inside of the socket or the metal base of the bulb while it is still partly in the socket.
循环系统的主要器官是心脏，心脏负责输送血液。	The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
血液通过被称为动脉的管道从心脏流出，然后通过称为静脉的管道回流到心脏。最小的管道叫做毛细血管。	Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
三角龙的牙齿不仅能咬碎树叶，还能咬碎非常坚硬的树枝和树根。	A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
一些科学家认为，三角龙以苏铁为食，苏铁是白垩纪时期很常见的一种植物。	Some scientists think Triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the Cretaceous.
这些植物看起来像一棵小棕榈树，树冠由钉子般的锋利叶子组成。	These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves.
在吃树干之前，三角龙会用它强有力的喙嘴剥去树叶。	A Triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk.
其他科学家认为这些植物有毒，所以恐龙不太可能吃它们，即便现在树懒和其他动物例如鹦鹉（恐龙的后代）可以吃有毒的叶子或水果。	Other scientists argue that these plants are very poisonous so it is unlikely that any dinosaur ate them, even though today the sloth and other animals like the parrot (a descendant of the dinosaurs) can eat poisonous leaves or fruit.
木卫一的重力会对我产生怎样的作用力？如果你站在木卫一表面，你的体重会比在地球上轻。	How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth.
一个在地球上重 200 磅（90公斤）的人，在木卫一上的重量约为 36 磅（16公斤）。因此重力理所当然地对你产生了较小的牵引力。	A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you.
太阳并没有像地球那样可以站在上面的地壳。整个太阳是由气体、火和等离子体组成的。	The Sun doesn't have a crust like the Earth that you can stand on. The whole Sun is made out of gases, fire, and plasma.
当你距离太阳中心越远，气体就越稀薄。	The gas becomes thinner as you go farther from the center of the Sun.
我们看到的太阳外部称作光球层，意即“光之球”。	The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means "ball of light".
约三千年后，也就是在1610年，意大利的天文学家伽利略·伽利莱（Galileo Galilei）使用望远镜观测天体，发现金星具有着与月球一致的相位。	About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does.
相变的发生是因为金星（或月球）只有面向太阳的一边被照到。金星的相变支持了哥白尼的理论，即行星围绕太阳旋转。	Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or of the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun.
然后，几年后的 1639 年，一位名叫耶利米·霍罗克斯 (Jeremiah Horrocks) 的英国天文学家观测到了一次金星凌日。	Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus.
重新征服丹麦法区域 (Danelaw) 后，英格兰经历了很长的和平时期。	England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
然而，在 991 年，埃塞尔雷德面对的是一个世纪前的古斯鲁姆舰队之后最大的维京舰队。	However in 991 Ethelred was faced with a Viking fleet larger than any since Guthrum's a century earlier.
这支舰队由奥拉夫·特里格瓦松率领。他是挪威人，志在将挪威从丹麦手中夺回来。	This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination.
在初期军事失利之后，埃塞尔雷德终于与奥拉夫达成协议，奥拉夫重返挪威试图夺回王位，但算不上成功。	After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success.
韩文字母是唯一一个特意发明供日常使用的字母表，是于 1444 年世宗皇帝（1418 - 1450）统治时期所发明的。	Hangeul is the only purposely invented alphabet in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
世宗大王为朝鲜王朝的第四任君主，也是最受推崇的君主之一。	King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
他最初将韩语字母发音表命名为“训民正音”，意思是“用于教导人民的正确发音”。	He originally named the Hangeul alphabet Hunmin Jeongeum, which means "the correct sounds for the instruction of the people".
关于梵语的起源有很多说法。其中之一是雅利安人从西方移民到印度，将自己的语言带到这里。	There are many theories to how Sanskrit came into existence. One of them is about an Aryan migration from the west into India who brought their language with them.
梵语是一种古老的语言，能与欧洲的拉丁语相媲美。	Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe.
世界上已知最早的书是用梵文写的。《奥义书》编撰完成后，梵文由于等级制度的原因逐渐消失。	The earliest known book in the world was written in Sanskrit. After the compilation of Upanishads, Sanskrit just faded due to hierarchy.
梵语是一种博大精深的语言，也是许多现代印度语的起源，就像拉丁语是法语和西班牙语等欧洲语言的起源一样。	Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served to be the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like French and Spanish.
对法作战结束后，德国又开始为入侵不列颠岛做准备。	With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain.
德国将此次袭击的代号定为“海狮行动”。英国军队从敦刻尔克撤退时失去了大部分重型武器和补给，元气大伤。	Germany code-named the attack “Operation Sealion”. Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak.
但皇家海军还是比德国海军（“Kriegsmarine”）强得多，可以摧毁任何跨越英吉利海峡的入侵舰队。	But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (“Kriegsmarine”) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
然而，很少有皇家海军舰艇在潜在的入侵路线附近驻扎，因为海军将领们担心舰艇会被德国的空袭击沉。	However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by German air attack.
让我们先来解释一下意大利的计划。意大利基本上属于德国和日本的“小兄弟”。	Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the "little brother" of Germany and Japan.
该国陆军和海军都比较弱，尽管他们在战争开始前不久建造了四艘新舰船。	It had a weaker army and a weaker navy, although they had just built four new ships right before the beginning of the war.
意大利的主要目标是非洲国家。为了夺取这些国家，他们需要一个军队基地，以便军队可以驶穿地中海，入侵非洲。	Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa.
为此，他们不得不将英国在埃及的基地和船舰撤出。除了采取这些行动，意大利的战舰本不应该有所行动。	For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else.
现在来看日本。和英国一样，日本是一个岛国。	Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain.
潜水艇是为了在水底下行驶而设计的船，而且潜水艇在水面下停留的时间较长。	Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time.
第一次世界大战和第二次世界大战期间都使用了潜水艇。 那时它们的速度很慢，射击范围也非常有限。	Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
在战争开始时，它们大多在海面上航行，但随着雷达的发展和精确度的提高，潜艇被迫潜入水下以免被发现。	In the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen.
德国潜艇被称为 U 型潜艇。德国人非常擅长导航和操作潜艇。	German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines.
由于德国人在潜艇方面很成功，他们在战后不获托管大量潜艇。	Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
是的！图坦卡蒙国王，有时也被称为“图特王”或“少年国王”，他是现代最著名的古埃及国王之一。	Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as "King Tut" or "The Boy King", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times.
有趣的是，他在古代并不被认为是举足轻重的人物，而且不被记录于大多数古代国王的名单。	Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
然而，1922 年发现了他的墓穴，让他成了名人。虽然有许多过去的坟墓被盗，但这座坟墓几乎未遭破坏。	However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed.
图坦卡蒙的大部分陪葬品都保存完好，其中包括数千件由贵金属和稀有宝石制成的文物。	Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones.
辐轮的发明使亚述人的战车更轻便、更迅速，行驶起来可以更轻松地超过士兵和其他战车。	The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
他们从致命的十字弓中射出的利箭，能穿透敌军的盔甲。公元前 1000 年前后，亚述人使用了第一批骑兵。	Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
骑兵是指在马背上作战的军队。当时尚未发明马鞍，因此亚述骑兵只能骑在光秃秃的马背上作战。	A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses.
我们知道许多希腊政治家、科学家和艺术家。希腊文化中最有名的人可能是有着传奇色彩的盲人诗人荷马。他创作了希腊文学的两部杰作：《伊利亚特》和《奥德赛》。	We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey.
索福克勒斯（Sophocles ）和阿里斯托芬（Aristophanes）仍然是受欢迎的剧作家，他们的戏剧被认为是世界文学中最伟大的作品之一。	Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
另一个著名的希腊人是数学家毕达哥拉斯，他最有名的成就是提出了关于直角三角形各边关系的著名定理。	Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
对于说印地语的人口数，有不同的说法。据估计，印地语是世界上第二到第四最常用的语言。	There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
母语人数取决于紧密相关的方言是否计算在内。	The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
据估计，会说这种语言的人数量范围在 3.4 亿到 5 亿之间，而能听懂这种语言的人则多达 8 亿。	Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language.
印度语和乌尔都语有着相似的词汇，但文字的书写方式不同；在日常对话中，这两种语言通常可以交流互通。	Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other.
15 世纪前后，爱沙尼亚北部深受德国文化的影响。	Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
一些德国修道士想让上帝更接近本国人，所以他们发明了爱沙尼亚文字语言。	Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language.
它是在德语字母表中加了一个字母“Õ/õ”。	It was based on the German alphabet and one character "Õ/õ" was added.
随着时间的推移，许多德语外来词与原有词汇合并。这就是启蒙运动的开始。	As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment.
传统上，王位继承人在完成学业后会直接入伍。	Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school.
不过，查尔斯入读了剑桥大学三一学院，他在那里学习了人类学和考古学，后来又学习了历史学，获得了 2:2 学位（二等二学位）。	However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology, and later History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree).
查尔斯是第一个获得学位的英国王室成员。	Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree.
土耳其位于欧洲的部分（地处巴尔干半岛的东色雷斯或鲁米利亚）占其国土面积的 3％。	European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country.
土耳其领土长 1,600 多公里（1,000 英里），宽 800 公里（500 英里），大致呈矩形。	The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape.
土耳其的国土面积（包括湖泊）为 783,562 平方公里（300,948 平方英里），其中 755,688 平方公里（291,773 平方英里）位于西南亚，23,764 平方公里（9,174 平方英里）位于欧洲。	Turkey's area, including lakes, occupies 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe.
土耳其的面积在世界上排第 37 位，大约是法国本土和英国面积的总和。	Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined.
土耳其三面环海：西面是爱琴海，北面是黑海，南面则是地中海。	Turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south.
卢森堡历史悠久，但在 1839 年才独立成国。	Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
今天的比利时有部分地区过去属于卢森堡，但在 19 世纪 30 年代的比利时革命后被划入比利时。	Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian after the 1830s Belgian Revolution.
卢森堡一直试图成为中立国，但它在第一次世界大战和第二次世界大战中都曾被德国占领。	Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany.
1957 年，卢森堡成为如今被称为欧盟的组织的创始成员国。	In 1957 Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union.
朱克杰宗（Drukgyal Dzong）是一座已毁的堡垒和佛教寺庙，位于帕罗区上部（在方德村）。	The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper part of the Paro District (in Phondey Village).
据说扎布隆·阿旺·纳姆耶尔 (Zhabdrung nawang Namgyel) 于 1649 年建造这座堡垒，是为了纪念自己战胜藏蒙军队。	It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces.
1951 年，一场大火导致杜克耶堡仅存一丝遗迹，例如扎布隆·阿旺·纳姆格亚尔（Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal）的雕像。	In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal.
火灾过后，堡垒得到维护和保护，成为不丹最备受瞩目的景点之一。	After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions.
18 世纪的柬埔寨被夹在泰国和越南两个强邻之间。	During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam.
泰国人在 18 世纪曾多次入侵柬埔寨，并在 1772 年摧毁了金边。	The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed Phnom Phen.
在 18 世纪的最后几年，越南人也入侵了柬埔寨。	In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
百分之十八的委内瑞拉人失业，而大部分就业者是非正规经济从业人员。	Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy.
三分之二的委内瑞拉人就是这样从事服务行业，接近四分之一的人从事工业，五分之一的人在农业行业里工作。	Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture.
委内瑞拉是石油净出口国，尽管只有百分之一的人在石油行业工作，但石油行业仍然是该国的重要产业。	An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry.
在国家独立初期，新加坡植物园发挥其专业知识所长，帮助该岛成为了一座热带“花园城市”。	Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City.
1981 年，卓锦万代兰被选为该国的国花。它是兰花的杂交品种。	In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower.
每年 10 月前后，大约有 150 万只食草动物从北部山区出发，穿过马拉河，前往雨水充足的南部平原。	Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains.
然后，在四月左右的雨季之后，从西部回到北部，再次穿越马拉河。	And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April.
塞伦盖蒂（Serengeti）地区包括塞伦盖蒂（Serengeti ）国家公园、坦桑尼亚的恩戈罗恩戈罗（Ngorongoro）自然保护区、马斯瓦（Maswa）野生动物保护区以及肯尼亚的马赛马拉（Maasai Mara）国家保护区。	The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.
学习制作互动媒体需要常规传统技能，以及在互动课程中掌握的工具（故事板制作、音频和视频编辑、故事情节设计等）。	Learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.)
交互设计要求你重新评估有关媒体制作的假设，并学会非线性思考。	Interactive design requires that you re-assess your assumptions about media production and learn to think in a non-linear ways.
交互设计要求项目的各个组成部分相互联系，但也可以作为一个独立实体存在。	Interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity.
变焦镜头的缺点是，要想实现一定的焦距范围，所需的焦距复杂度和透镜元件的数量远远大于定焦镜头。	The disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses.
随着镜头制造商在镜头生产方面达到更高的标准，这已经不算什么问题了。	This is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production.
这使得变焦镜头可以拍出与固定焦距镜头质量相媲美的照片。	This has allowed zoom lenses to produce pictures of a quality comparable to that achieved by lenses with fixed focal length.
变焦镜头的另一个缺点是镜头的最大光圈（速度）通常较小。	Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
这使得廉价的变焦镜头在没有闪光灯的情况下很难在弱光条件下使用。	This makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
在尝试将电影转换成 DVD 格式时，最常见的问题之一是过度扫描。	One of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to DVD format is the overscan.
大多数电视节目都是为娱乐大众而制作的。	Most televisions are made in a way to please the general public.
出于该原因，你在电视上看到的画面边框，包括顶部、底部和侧边，都被裁剪了。	For that reason, everything you see on the TV had the borders cut, top, bottom and sides.
这样做是为了保证图像能覆盖住整个屏幕。这叫做“过度扫描”。	This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan.
遗憾的是，当你制作 DVD 时，它的边框很可能也会被裁剪掉，而且如果视频中的字幕太靠近底部，那么字幕也会显示不完整。	Unfortunately, when you make a DVD, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown.
这座传统的中世纪城堡长久以来一直激发着人们的想象力，让人联想到马背长矛比武、宴会和亚瑟王骑士精神的画面。	The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry.
人们即使站在千年的废墟中，也很容易回想起早已逝去的战争的声音和气味，几乎能听到鹅卵石上马蹄的碰撞声，也能闻到从地牢坑里冒出来的恐惧气息。	Even standing amidst thousand year-old ruins it is easy to bring to mind the sounds and smells of battles long gone, to almost hear the clatter of hooves on the cobbles and to smell the fear rising from the dungeon pits.
但是我们的想象有现实依据吗？最初为什么要建城堡？它们是如何设计和建造的？	But is our imagination based on reality? Why were castles built in the first place? How were they designed and built?
作为那段时期的典型建筑，与其说克尔比墨斯鲁（Muxloe）城堡是一座真正的城堡，不如说它是一座加固的房屋。	Typical for the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a true castle.
它的大玻璃窗和薄墙不可能长时间抵抗得住一次坚决的攻击。	Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
15 世纪 80 年代，在黑斯廷斯勋爵（Lord Hastings）开始建造这座城堡的时候，这个国家还相对和平，只需要防御一小群四处游荡的抢掠者。	In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was relatively peaceful and defense was only required against small bands of roving marauders.
权力的平衡是欧洲国家寻求维护全体欧洲国家国家主权的制度。	The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
这种理念是，所有欧洲国家必须设法阻止某个国家/地区独自变得强大，因此，各国政府为了保持平衡经常更换盟友。	The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance.
西班牙继承权之战标志着第一场以权力平衡为核心问题的战争。	The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
这标志着一个重要的变化，因为欧洲大国将无法再以宗教战争为借口。因此，三十年战争将是最后一场被贴上宗教战争标签的战争。	This marked an important change, as European powers would no longer have the pretext of being religious wars. Thus, the Thirty Years' War would be the last war to be labeled a religious war.
公元前 356 年 7 月 21 日，赫洛斯塔图斯 (Herostratus) 的纵火行为导致位于以弗所 (Ephesus) 的阿尔忒弥斯神庙毁于一旦。	The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21, 356 BCE in an act of arson committed by Herostratus.
据故事情节所写，此人愿不惜一切代价出人头地。愤慨的以弗所人宣布黑若斯达特斯（Herostratus）之名罄竹难书。	According to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. The Ephesians, outraged, announced that Herostratus' name never be recorded.
希腊历史学家斯特拉博 (Strabo) 后来提到了这个名字，也就是我们今天所熟知的名字。圣殿在亚历山大大帝出生的当晚被毁。	The Greek historian Strabo later noted the name, which is how we know today. The temple was destroyed on the same night that Alexander the Great was born.
亚历山大大帝原本提议重建这座神庙，但其提案遭到拒绝。随后，在亚历山大死后，该神庙于公元前 323 年得以重建。	Alexander, as king, offered to pay to rebuild the temple, but his offer was denied. Later, after Alexander died, the temple was rebuilt in 323 BCE.
确保你的手尽可能地放松，同时仍可以正确地敲击所有的音符—手指也尽量不要做太多无关的动作。	Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
这样就能让你尽可能节省体力。记住，不用像在钢琴上那样用力敲击琴键来提升音量。	This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano.
为了提高手风琴的音量，可以更用力或以更快的速度拉风箱。	On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the bellows with more pressure or speed.
神秘主义追求与终极现实、神性、精神真理或上帝进行交流、认同或达成知觉意识。	Mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or God.
信徒们寻求一种对神圣的现实/神性或诸神的直接体验、直觉或者顿悟。	The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties.
追随者追求某种生活方式或旨在滋养这些经验的修行。	Followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences.
神秘主义可以与其他形式的宗教信仰和崇拜区分开来，因为它强调对独特意识状态的个人直接体验，特别是那些和平的、有洞察力的、幸福的、甚至是狂喜的意识状态。	Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character.
锡克教是来自印度次大陆的一种宗教。它在 15 世纪起源于旁遮普地区，来自印度教传统的内部宗派分裂。	Sikhism is a religion from the Indian sub-continent. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the Hindu tradition.
锡克教徒认为，他们信仰的是与印度教不同的一种宗教，尽管他们承认锡克教源自印度教，也包含印度教的传统。	Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
锡克教徒把自己的宗教称为 Gurmat，在旁遮普语中是“古鲁（导师）之路”的意思。古鲁是所有印度宗教的基本组成部分，但在锡克教中地位特别高，成为了锡克教信仰的核心。	Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for "way of the guru". The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs.
该宗教于 15 世纪由古鲁·纳纳克 (1469-1539) 创立。随后又有九位古鲁。	The religion was founded in the 15th century by Guru Nanak (1469–1539). There followed in succession a further nine gurus.
然而，在 1956 年 6 月，当波兰工人抗议食品短缺和减薪的骚乱演变成对共产主义制度本身的抗议时，赫鲁晓夫的承诺面临着考验。	However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism.
尽管在最后，赫鲁晓夫派出坦克恢复了秩序，但他还是对一些经济要求做出了让步，并同意任命受民众欢迎的瓦迪斯瓦夫·哥穆尔卡 (Wladyslaw Gomulka) 为新总理。	Although in the end, Krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he did give way to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as the new prime minister.
印度河流域文明是青铜时代的文明，位于印度西北部次大陆，覆盖的区域包括了现代巴基斯坦的大部分地区，以及印度西北部和阿富汗东北部的一些地区。	The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the northwest Indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day Pakistan and some regions in northwest India and northeast Afghanistan.
印度河盆地的文明发展繁荣，该文明因此得名。	The civilisation flourished in the basins of the Indus River wherefore it derives its name.
尽管一些学者推测，鉴于这一文明也存在于如今已然干涸的萨拉斯瓦蒂河流域，将该文明称为“印度河-萨拉斯瓦蒂河文明”才算恰如其分，不过一些人称其为“哈拉帕文明”——得名于20世纪20年代在该区域发掘的第一个遗址“哈拉帕”。	Although some scholars speculate that since the civilisation also existed in the basins of the now dried up Sarasvati River, it should be aptly called the Indus-Sarasvati Civilization, while some call it the Harappan Civilization after Harappa, the first of its sites to be excavated in the 1920s.
罗马帝国的军国主义性质促进了医学的进步和发展。	The militaristic nature of the Roman empire aided in the development of medical advances.
奥古斯都皇帝开始招募医生，甚至组建了第一支罗马医疗队，用于战后医疗。	Doctors began to be recruited by Emperor Augustus and even formed the first Roman Medical Corps for use in the aftermath of battles.
外科医生对各种镇静剂都有了解，包括从罂粟种子中提取的吗啡和从莨菪种子中提取的东莨菪碱。	Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
除了用止血带和动脉钳来阻止血液流动外，他们已能熟练通过截肢来挽救坏疽患者。	They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
在几个世纪里，罗马帝国在医学领域取得了巨大成果，构成了我们今天所知晓的大部分知识。	Over multiple centuries, the Roman empire led to great gains in the field of medicine and formed much of the knowledge we know today.
净土折纸，其限制规则是一次只能进行一次折叠，不允许反向折叠这样更复杂的动作，并且所有折叠的位置都必须简单明了。	Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations.
它是由约翰•史密斯 (John Smith) 在 20 世纪 70 年代研发的，用于帮助缺乏经验的折纸人或动手能力差的人。	It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills.
孩子还小的时候，就能意识到种族和种族刻板印象，这些种族刻板印象会影响其行为。	Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
例如，如果人们模式化地认为某个少数族裔的孩子在学校表现不好，那么这些孩子一旦了解了关于自己族裔的模式化观念，他们在学校往往就有不好的表现。	For instance, children who identify with a racial minority that is stereotyped as not doing well in school tend to not do well in school once they learn about the stereotype associated with their race.
MySpace 是美国第三大最受欢迎的网站，目前有 5,400 万个注册帐号。	MySpace is the third most popular website used in the United States and has 54 million profiles currently.
这些网站得到了很多关注，尤其是在教育领域。	These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting.
这些网站也有好处，比如可以轻松创建一个包含博客、视频、照片等内容的班级页面。	There are positive aspects to these websites, which include, being able to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features.
只需提供一个网址，就能轻松访问该页面。这对不会用键盘或拼写有困难的学生来说，更加容易记住，输入也更简单。	This page can easily be accessed by providing just one web address, which makes it easy to remember and easy to type in for students who may have trouble using the keyboard or with spelling.
它可以进行个性化设置以便阅读，也可根据需求使用或多或少的颜色。	It can be customized to make it easy to read and also with as much or little color as desired.
“注意力缺失症“是一种神经系统综合症，三种典型的限定症状包括冲动、注意力分散、多动或精力过剩。	Attention Deficit Disorder "is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy".
这不是学习能力缺失，而是学习障碍；这“影响着全美儿童的 3% 到 5%，人数可能多达 200 万”。	It is not a learning disability, it is a learning disorder; it "affects 3 to 5 percent of all children, perhaps as many as 2 million American children".
患有多动症的孩子很难专心做事，例如做作业，但他们能够集中精力做自己喜欢的事情，比如玩游戏，看喜欢的卡通片，或者写一些不加标点符号的句子。	Children with ADD have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation.
这些孩子往往会陷入很多麻烦。因为正常的方法无法刺激他们的大脑，为了刺激大脑，他们“做出危险行为、打架、挑战权威”。	These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they "engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority" in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods.
注意力缺陷障碍（ADD）会影响患病孩童与其同龄人的关系，因为其他儿童无法理解患者做出行为、进行拼写的原因所在，也不理解为什么他们的成熟程度与众不同。	ADD affects relationships with other peers because other children can not understand why they act the way that they do or why they spell they way they do or that their maturity level is different.
当获取知识和进行学习的能力发生如上所述的变化时，获取知识的基本速率也相应地产生变化。	As the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed.
获取信息的方法不尽相同。压力不再存在于个人回忆中，但回忆文本的能力变得更加重要。	The approach to obtaining information was different. No longer did pressure reside within individual recall, but the ability to recall text became more of a focus.
文艺复兴从根本上让学习和知识传播的方式产生了重大变化。	In essence, the Renaissance made a significant change in the approach to learning and the dissemination of knowledge.
原始人类与其他灵长类动物不同的地方在于，他们不再用双手移动身体、托起重物、在树林里荡来荡去。	Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees.
黑猩猩手脚的大小和长度相似，这反映出手在指背行走中用来承重的事实。	The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking.
人类的手比脚短，指（趾）骨更直。	The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges.
200 万到 300 万年前的手骨化石，都无不体现出手部特征，从移动方式到操作方式，经历了改变。	Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand from locomotion to manipulation.
有些人认为，经常做人工诱导、清晰的梦会让人精疲力竭。	Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
造成这种现象的主要原因是清晰的梦境延长了快速眼动状态之间的时间间隔。	The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states.
每晚快速眼动期 (REM) 越短，在这种状态下睡个好觉、恢复元气的频率就越少，身体可能会出问题。	With fewer REMs per night, this state in which you experience actual sleep and your body recovers becomes infrequent enough to become a problem.
这就像每隔二三十分钟就醒来看电视那样令人筋疲力竭。	This is just as exhausting as if you were to wake up every twenty or thirty minutes and watch TV.
其效果取决于你的大脑每晚做清醒梦的频率。	The effect is dependent on how often your brain attempts to lucidly dream per night.
意大利人在北非的处境几乎从一开始就不甚理想。1940 年 6 月 10 日，意大利宣战后不到一周，英国第 11 轻骑兵就占领了利比亚的卡普佐堡。	Things did not go well for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. Within a week of Italy's declaration of war on June 10, 1940, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo in Libya.
在巴蒂亚东部的一次伏击中，英军俘虏了意大利第十军的工程兵司令拉图西将军。	In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci.
6 月 28 日，利比亚总督、墨索里尼的接班人伊塔洛·巴尔博元帅 (Marshal Italo Balbo) 在托布鲁克着陆时被友军误射致死。	On June 28, Marshal Italo Balbo, the Governor-General of Libya and apparent heir to Mussolini, was killed by friendly fire while landing in Tobruk.
现代击剑运动分为多个级别：有大学学生初步学习的级别，也有专业和奥林匹克竞技的级别。	The modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university to professional and Olympic competition.
这项运动主要以对决的形式进行，也就是一个击剑手与另一个击剑手进行对决。	The sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another.
高尔夫是一项玩家用球杆将球击入洞中的运动。	Golf is a game in which players use clubs to hit balls into holes.
常规比赛一轮要打十八洞，球员通常从球场的第一洞开始，到第十八洞结束。	Eighteen holes are played during a regular round, with players usually starting on the first hole on the course and finishing on the eighteenth.
以最少击球次数或挥棒次数完成比赛的选手获胜。	The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins.
比赛是在草地上进行的，洞周围的草被修剪得更短，被称为果岭。	The game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mown shorter and called the green.
也许最常见的旅游类型，也是大多数人一想到旅游就会想到的：休闲旅游。	Perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: Recreation tourism.
这是指人们去一个与他们日常生活截然不同的地方进行放松和娱乐。	This is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun.
海滩、主题公园和露营地通常是休闲游客最常光顾的地方。	Beaches, theme parks and camp grounds are often the most common places frequented by recreational tourists.
如果一个人访问一个特定地方的目的是了解它的历史和文化，那么这种类型的旅游活动就被称为文化旅游。	If the objective of one’s visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
游客可能会参观特定国家的不同地标，也可能只集中游览一个地区。	Tourists may visit different landmarks of a particular country or they may simply opt to focus on just one area.
看到这种活动，殖民者也要求了增援。	The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements.
支援前沿阵地的部队包括 200 人的新罕布什尔第 1 团和第 3 团，由约翰·斯塔克上校和詹姆斯·里德上校（后来都成为了将军）指挥。	Troops reinforcing the forward positions included the 1st and 3rd New Hampshire regiments of 200 men, under Colonels John Stark and James Reed (both later became generals).
斯塔克(Stark) 的士兵沿着殖民者阵地北端的防御围栏站位。	Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
退潮时，沿半岛东北部流淌的神秘河打开了一道缺口，他们迅速建起一堵短石墙，把围墙延伸到岸边北端的小海滩上。	When low tide opened a gap along the Mystic River along the northeast of the peninsula, they quickly extended the fence with a short stone wall to the north ending at the water's edge on a small beach.
格里德利（Gridley）或斯塔克（Stark ）在栅栏前 100 英尺（ 30 米）处放置一根木桩，并命令在正规军经过前不许开火。	Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it.
美国计划从三个不同的方向发动协同攻击。	The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
约翰·卡德瓦德将军将向波登镇的英国守军发动一场进攻，转移敌方注意力，以阻挡任何增援部队。	General John Cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements.
詹姆斯·尤因将军率 700 名民兵在特伦顿渡口渡河，占领了阿森皮克湾上的桥梁，阻断了敌军逃跑的路径。	General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from escaping.
2400 人的主力部队将在特伦顿 (Trenton) 以北 9 英里处渡河，然后分成两组，一组由格林 (Greene) 指挥，一组由沙利文 (Sullivan) 指挥，以便在黎明前发动进攻。	The main assault force of 2,400 men would cross the river nine miles north of Trenton, and then split into two groups, one under Greene and one under Sullivan, in order to launch a pre-dawn attack.
从四分之一英里转变为半英里的赛跑，速度变得不那么重要了，耐力成为绝对重要的因素。	With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
当然，要成为一流的半英里跑步选手（在两分钟内跑完），就必须要有足够快的速度，并且要不惜一切代价地培养耐力。	Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards.
在冬季练练越野跑，加上对上半身的健身锻炼，能为跑步季做好充分准备。	Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season.
仅靠适当的营养实践并不足以造就出色表现，但这可以显著影响年轻运动员的整体健康状况。	Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness.
保持健康的能量平衡，坚持有效补充水分的习惯，了解合理使用营养补品的各个方面，能够帮助运动员们改善表现，增加运动乐趣。	Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport.
中长跑是一项花费相对低廉的运动；然而参与者对所需的几件装备却有很多误解。	Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate.
可以根据需要购买产品，但大多数产品对成绩几乎没有实际影响。	Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
运动员可能会认为他们倾向于一个产品，尽管这个产品毫无益处。	Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
原子可被视为是全部物质的基本组成模块之一。	The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter.
根据简化的波尔模型显示，这是一个非常复杂的实体，包含了一个由电子环绕的中心原子核，这些电子有点像绕着太阳运行的行星。详见图 1.1。	Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1.
原子核由中子和质子这两种粒子组成。	The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
质子带有正电，中子不带电。电子带有负电。	Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge.
要检查受害者，你必须先勘察现场，确保自身的安全。	To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety.
靠近受害者时，需要注意其姿势和任何无意识的危险信号。	You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags.
如果你想帮助别人时受伤，你只会使事情变得更糟。	If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse.
研究发现，抑郁、恐惧以及把病情灾难化的情绪，在腰疼患者的疼痛和残疾中起到了中介作用。	The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers.
只有杞人忧天思维的影响，而不是沮丧和恐惧的影响，才能有条件地每周定期进行结构性体育锻炼。	Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions.
参与定期训练的人在对疼痛的被动感知方面需要更多支持，以帮助他们区分慢性疼痛和不适感与正常身体运动的区别。	Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
视觉或看的能力依赖于视觉系统的感觉器官，即眼睛。	Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
眼睛的构造有许多种，其复杂程度取决于生物体的需要。	There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism.
不同的构造有不同的功能，对不同的波长敏感，且敏锐度不同。它们也需要不同的处理方式来理解输入，并需要不同数量的输入才能达到最佳效果。	The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally.
种群是指在特定地理区域内特定种类生物体的集合。	A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area.
当种群中的所有个体在某一特定表型性状上完全相同时，就称之为单型。	When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
当个体表现出某一性状的几个变体时，它们就是多态的。	When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
行军蚁群的行进和筑巢也分不同的阶段。	Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
在迁徙阶段，行军蚁在夜间出行，白天停下来安营。	In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
当可利用的食物减少时，这个蚁群就会迎来迁徙期。在这一阶段，蚁群会建造每天更换的临时巢穴。	The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday.
这种游牧性的横冲直撞行为每次都会持续 17 天左右。	Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
什么是细胞？“细胞”一词来源于拉丁语“cella”，意思是“小房间”，最初是由观察软木结构的显微镜学家创造的。	What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word "cella", meaning "small room", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork.
细胞是所有生物的基本构成单位，所有生物体都是由一个或多个细胞构成的。	The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
实际上，细胞在生物研究中有着如此基础和关键的地位，以至于它们常被称为“生命的基本单位”。	Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as "the building blocks of life".
神经系统通过向全身发送神经脉冲来保持血液流动顺畅，从而维持体内平衡。	The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed.
这些神经脉冲可以非常迅速地传送到全身，让身体免受任何潜在威胁的伤害。	These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
与其他猛烈的风暴相比，龙卷风袭击的区域较小，但可以摧毁途经的一切。	Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
龙卷风能将树木连根拔起，将建筑物上的木板撕下，把汽车抛向天空。龙卷风中的百分之二最为猛烈，能持续肆虐三小时以上。	Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
这些怪物般的风暴，风速高达每小时 480 公里（133 m/s; 300 mph）。	These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
几千年来，人类一直在制作和使用放大镜。	Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
然而，第一个真正的望远镜是 16 世纪晚期在欧洲制造的。	However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century.
这些望远镜使用了两个透镜的组合，使远处的物体看起来既近又大。	These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
贪婪和自私永远与我们同在，合作的本质就是当大多数人受益时，短期的自私行为总能带来更多利益	Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly
希望大多数人都能意识到，从长远来看，与他人合作才是最佳选择。	Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
许多人梦想着人类有一天可以移民到其他星球，探索其他世界。有些人想知道宇宙有什么；有些人相信其他行星上可能有外星人或其他生命。	Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and explore other worlds, some people wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life may live on another plant.
但如果这种情况真的发生了，那么它很可能在很长一段时间内都不会再发生了。这些恒星非常分散，“相邻”的恒星相隔数万亿英里。	But, if this ever does happen probably won't happen for a very long time. The stars are so spread out that there are trillions of miles between stars that are "neighbors".
也许有一天，你的子孙后代会生活在外星世界，猜测着他们远古的祖先当时过得是怎样的一种生活。	Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors?
动物由许多细胞组成。动物吃了食物后会在体内将其消化。大部分动物都能移动。	Animals are made of many cells. They eat things and digest them inside. Most animals can move.
只有动物有脑（但也不是所有动物都有，比如水母就没有脑）。	Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains).
地球上的各个角落都有动物的身影。它们有的在地下挖洞，有的在海洋中畅游，有的在天空中翱翔。	Animals are found all over the earth. They dig in the ground, swim in the oceans, and fly in the sky.
细胞是各类生物体中最小的结构和功能单位。	A cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (things) organism.
Cell（细胞）一词源自拉丁语cella（意思是小房间）。	Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room.
在显微镜下观察生物，你会发现它们是由小方块或小球组成的。	If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls.
来自英国的生物学家罗伯特·胡克 (Robert Hooke) 用显微镜看到了软木塞中藏有一些小方块。	Robert Hooke, a biologist from England, saw small squares in cork with a microscope.
它们看上去像房间。他是第一个观察死亡细胞的人	They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells
元素和化合物可以在发生化学变化的情况下改变物态。	Elements and compounds can move from one state to another and not change.
气态氮仍具有与液态氮相同的性质。液态氮的密度更大，但是分子还是一样的。	Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same.
另一个例子是水。化合物水是由两个氢原子和一个氧原子组成的。	Water is another example. The compound water is made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
无论是气体、液体还是固体，它的分子结构都是一样的。	It has the same molecular structure whether it is a gas, liquid, or solid.
虽然它的物理状态可能会改变，但化学状态保持不变。	Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same.
时间就在我们身边，影响着我们做的每一件事，但却很难理解。	Time is something that is all around us, and affects everything we do, yet is difficult to understand.
数千年来，时间一直是宗教、哲学和科学学者的研究对象。	Time has been studied by religious, philosophical, and scientific scholars for thousands of years.
我们所经历的时间是一系列从未来到现在再到过去的事件。	We experience time as a series of events passing from the future through the present to the past.
时间也是我们用来比较事件持续时间（长度）的方式。	Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
你可以通过观察重复的周期性事件来记录时间的流逝。周期性事件是指有规律地一次又一次发生的事。	You can mark the passing of time yourself by observing the repetition of a cyclical event. A cyclical event is something that happens again and again regularly.
今天，我们使用计算机处理图片和视频。	Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
复杂的动画可以在计算机上构建，这种类型的动画正越来越多地应用于电视和电影。	Sophisticated animations can be constructed on computers, and this kind of animation is increasingly being used in television and films.
录制音乐时往往用复杂的计算机来处理，并把声音混合在一起。	Music is often recorded using sophisticated computers to process and mix sounds together.
在十九世纪和二十世纪很长一段时间，人们都认为新西兰的第一批居民是毛利人，他们猎取一种称为恐鸟的大型鸟类。	For a long time during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, it was believed the first inhabitants of New Zealand were the Maori people, who hunted giant birds called moas.
然后该理论确立了这样一种观点：毛利人从波利尼西亚乘“大船”迁移，并从莫里奥里人手中夺取了新西兰，建立了一个农业社会。	The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society.
但有新的证据表明，莫里奥里人属于大陆毛利人族群，他们从新西兰移居到查塔姆群岛，发展出了自己独特的崇尚和平的文化。	However, new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of mainland Maori who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture.
查塔姆群岛上还有另一个部落，他们是从新西兰移民过来的毛利人。	There was also another tribe on the Chatham islands these were Maori who migrated away from New Zealand.
他们自称莫里奥里人。发生过一些小冲突，最后莫里奥里人被消灭了	They called themselves the Moriori there were a few skirmishes and in the end, the Moriori were wiped out
参与了几十年的人士帮助我们认识到自己的长处和热情所在，同时坦诚地评估困难，甚至是失败。	Individuals who had been involved for several decades helped us appreciate our strengths and passions while candidly assessing difficulties and even failures.
在听取别人分享他们个人、家庭和组织的故事时，我们对过去以及一些对组织文化有或好或坏影响的人物有了宝贵的认识。	While listening to individuals share their individual, family, and organizational stories, we gained valuable insight into the past and some of the personalities who influenced for good or ill the culture of the organization.
虽然理解历史并不意味着理解文化，但至少可以帮助人们了解自己在组织历史中的位置。	While understanding one’s history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization.
在总结成功和失败时，个人和所有参与者会对组织的价值观、使命和驱动力有更深刻的认识。	While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization.
在这种情况下，回顾之前的创业行为和取得的成功可以帮助人们对当地教会的新变化和新方向保持开放的态度。	In this instance, recalling previous instances of entrepreneurial behavior and resulting successes helped people to be open to new changes and new direction for the local church.
这样的成功故事让人们对变化的恐惧感减轻了，同时为未来的变革营造出正面的倾向。	Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future.
收敛思维模式是通过结合不同的想法或领域来寻找解决方案的问题解决技巧。	Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
这种思维模式看重的是速度、逻辑和准确性，还有甄别事实、对现有技术的重新应用和信息收集。	The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information.
这种思维模式最重要的因素是：正确答案只有一个。你只需考虑两个答案，即对的或者是错的。	The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong.
这种思维模式与某些科学或标准程序不无关联。	This type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures.
这种思维类型的人具有逻辑思维，能够记得住模式、解决问题，还能进行科学测试。	People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests.
到目前为止，人类是最善于读懂他人心思的物种。	Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
这意味着我们能够成功地预测其他人的感知、意图、信仰、知识或欲望。	That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire.
在这些能力中，理解他人意图至关重要。我们可以凭借这一能力理解身体行为可能表达出的模棱两可的问题。	Among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. It allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions.
例如，如果你看到有人打破车窗，你很有可能会认为这个人在偷陌生人的汽车。	For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car.
如果他是丢了车钥匙，试图打开自己汽车的车门的话，那可能就要另当别论了。	He would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
磁共振成像依据的是一种叫核磁共振 (NMR) 的物理现象，它是费利克斯·布洛赫（在斯坦福大学工作）和爱德华·珀塞耳（来自哈佛大学）于 20 世纪 30 年代发现的。	MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
在这种共振中，磁场和无线电波导致原子发出微弱的无线电信号。	In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals.
1970 年，医学博士兼研究科学家雷蒙德·达马迪安 (Raymond Damadian) 发现了使用磁共振成像作为医学诊断工具的基础原理。	In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis.
四年后，一项专利获批准，这是世界上首个颁发的核磁共振领域专利。	Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI.
1977 年，达马迪安（Damadian）博士完成了第一台 “全身” 核磁共振扫描仪的制造，他称之为 “不屈号”。	In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first “whole-body” MRI scanner, which he called the ”Indomitable”.
异步通讯让人们有时间思考他人的反应并作出反应。	Asynchronous communication encourages time for reflection and reaction to others.
这让学生能够按自己的节奏学习，并控制传授教学信息的节奏。	It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
此外，由于可以实行弹性工作时间，时间上的限制也比较少。（布雷默，1998年）	In addition, there are fewer time restrictions with the possibility of flexible working hours. (Bremer, 1998)
学习者可以使用互联网和万维网随时获取信息。	The use of the Internet and the World Wide Web allows learners to have access to information at all times.
学生也可以在一天中的任何时间把问题提交给老师，并且可以预期得到合理时间内的快速回复，而不用一直等到下一次面谈。	Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting.
后现代主义学习方法给人带来绝对的自由。并没有一种学习方法是好的学习方法。	The postmodern approach to learning offers the freedom from absolutes. There is no one good way to learn.
事实上，没有任何事情需要特意学习。在学习者体验到知识呈现的时候，学习的行为就发生了。	In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented.
目前我们对所有以 DIY 、展示信息以及以学习为主要内容的电视节目的体验，都说明了这一点。	Our current experience with all the do-it-yourself and information presenting, learning-based television shows illustrates this point.
我们中有很多人，都发现自己观看的电视节目在告诉我们某种过程或经验，但我们却永远不会参与或应用这些知识。	So many of us find ourselves watching a television show that informs us of a process or experience in which we will never participate or apply that knowledge.
我们永远不会对汽车进行大修，不会在后院建喷泉，不会去秘鲁考察古代遗迹，也不会改造邻居的房子。	We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
多亏有了与欧洲相连的海底光缆和宽带卫星，格陵兰网络连接畅通，93% 的人口接入了互联网。	Thanks to undersea fiber optic cable links to Europe and broadband satellite, Greenland is well connected with 93% of the population having internet access.
你的酒店或房东（如果住在民宿或私人民宅）可能配有 wifi 或可联网的电脑。所有安置点都有一家网吧或有公共 wifi 的地方。	Your hotel or hosts (if staying in a guesthouse or private home) will likely have wifi or an internet connected PC, and all settlements have an internet cafe or some location with public wifi.
正如上文所提，虽然“爱斯基摩人”这个词在美国仍然可以接受，但北极地区的许多非美籍人士，尤其是对加拿大人来说，他们都认为这个词带有贬义含义。	As mentioned above, though the word "Eskimo" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada.
尽管你可能会听到格陵兰本地人用这个词，但外国人应该避免使用。	While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners.
在加拿大，格陵兰岛的土著居民称自己为因纽特人，在格陵兰岛则称自己为 Kalaalleq（复数为 Kalaallit），也就是“格陵兰人”的意思。	The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland.
在格陵兰岛，针对外国人的犯罪和恶意行为总体来说几乎闻所未闻。即使在城镇里，也没有 “犯罪高发区”。	Crime, and ill-will toward foreigners in general, is virtually unknown in Greenland. Even in the towns, there are no "rough areas."
严寒也许是没有准备的人将面临的唯一真正的危险。	Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
如果你在寒冷的季节到访格陵兰岛（记住越往北走越冷），一定要带够保暖衣物。	If you visit Greenland during cold seasons (considering that the further north you go, the colder it will be), it is essential to bring warm enough clothing.
夏季漫长的白昼会导致睡眠不足和相关健康问题。	The very long days in the summer can lead to problems getting sufficient sleep and associated health issues.
在夏季，也要注意北欧的蚊子。虽然这些蚊子不会传播任何疾病，但它们可能会让人感到不适。	During the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating.
旧金山的经济与自身是世界级旅游胜地这一点有关，但旧金山的经济却是多元化的。	While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified.
就业最多的部门包括专业服务业、政府、金融、贸易和旅游业。	The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, trade, and tourism.
它经常出现在音乐、电影、文学和流行文化中，使得这座城市及其地标闻名于世。	Its frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has helped make the city and its landmarks known throughout the world.
旧金山开发了一个规模庞大的旅游基础设施，内设多家酒店、餐厅和一流的会议场所。	San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities.
旧金山也是在美国品尝韩国菜、泰国菜、印度菜和日本菜等其他亚洲菜的好去处。	San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese.
对许多美国家庭来说，去迪斯尼乐园游玩是一场盛大的活动。	Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families.
这一“典型”的游玩过程包括飞往奥兰多国际机场，乘车前往迪士尼园区酒店，在迪士尼游玩大约一周的时间，然后回家。	The "typical" visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home.
迪士尼的玩法有无数种，但对大多数人来说，“去迪士尼乐园”就是这个意思。	There are infinite variations possible, but this remains what most people mean when they talk of "going to Disney World".
许多在 eBay 或 Craigslist 等拍卖网站上出售的门票都是部分使用过的多日通票。	Many tickets sold online through auction websites such as eBay or Craigslist are partially used multi-day park-hopper tickets.
虽然这是一种很常见的行为，但迪士尼却禁止这样做：门票是不可转让的。	While this is a very common activity, it is prohibited by Disney: the tickets are non-transferable.
需要获得野营许可证才可以在大峡谷边缘的下方露营。	Any camping below the rim in Grand Canyon requires a backcountry permit.
为了保护大峡谷，许可证限量发放。按启程月份算起提前四个月，在该月的第一天开始发放。	Permits are limited to protect the canyon, and become available on the 1st day of the month, four months prior to the start month.
因此，如果启程日期为 5 月，野地露营许可证将在 1 月 1 日发放。	Thus, a backcountry permit for any start date in May becomes available on 1 Jan.
最受欢迎的区域比如幽灵牧场 (Phantom Ranch) 附近的光明天使 (Bright Angel) 露营地，通常在第一天开放预订时就会收到满额预订申请。	Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations.
对于未经预约的到访，许可证的预留数量有限，并按先到先得的原则提供许可证。	There are a limited number permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis.
南部非洲非常适合开车旅行，游客既可以欣赏该地区的所有美景，又可以到达常规旅游路线之外的地方。	Entering Southern Africa by car is an amazing way to see all the region's beauty as well as to get to places off the normal tourist routes.
只要细心规划，普通汽车就能做到，但强烈建议使用四驱汽车，而且许多地方只有大轴距四驱汽车才能通过。	This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4.
规划期间，请记住，虽然南部非洲处于稳定状态，但并非所有邻国亦然。	Keep in mind while planning that although Southern Africa is stable not all neighboring countries are.
签证要求和费用因国家/地区而异，并会受到你的国籍的影响。	Visa requirements and costs vary from nation to nation and are affected by the country you come from.
每个国家/地区都立有专门法律，对务必放在车内的紧急物品进行了规定。	Each country also has unique laws requiring what emergency items need to be in the car.
维多利亚瀑布镇是津巴布韦西部的一个小镇，与赞比亚的利文斯通接壤，靠近博茨瓦纳。	Victoria Falls is a town in the western portion of Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana.
该镇紧邻瀑布，瀑布是主要的景点，但这个热门的旅游目的地为探险者和观光者提供了可以久住的大量机会。	The town lies immediately next to the falls, and they are the major attraction, but this popular tourist destination offers both adventure seekers and sightseers plenty of opportunities for a longer stay.
在雨季（11 月至 3 月），水量会更高，瀑布也更加湍急。	In the rainy season (November to March), the water volume will be higher and the Falls will be more dramatic.
如果你过桥或沿着瀑布附近蜿蜒的小径走，肯定会被弄湿。	You are guaranteed to get wet if you cross the bridge or walk along the trails winding near the Falls.
另一方面，恰恰因为水量太大，视线会被水挡住，看不到完整的瀑布！	On the other hand, it is precisely because the volume of water is so high that your viewing of the actual Falls will be obscured—by all the water!
图坦卡蒙墓 (KV62)。 KV62 可能是山谷中最著名的墓葬。霍华德·卡特在 1922 年发现了这位年轻国王近乎完整的皇家墓葬。	Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king.
但与大多数其他皇家陵墓相比，图坦卡蒙陵墓几乎不值得参观，因为它的规模要小得多，装饰也平淡无奇。	Compared to most of the other royal tombs, however, the tomb of Tutankhamun is barely worth visiting, being much smaller and with limited decoration.
如果有人想着去看这具木乃伊从棺材中移出来时受到损坏，那么这些人可要大失所望了，因为大家只能看到木乃伊的头部和肩膀。	Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
古墓里的巨额财富已不在墓中，而是转移到了开罗的埃及博物馆。	The fabulous riches of the tomb are no longer in it, but have been removed to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
时间有限的游客最好选择其他去处。	Visitors with limited time would be best to spend their time elsewhere.
格罗姆寺位于暹粒市西南 12 公里处。这座山顶寺庙建于 9 世纪末耶输跋摩国王统治时期。	Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman.
寺庙阴郁的氛围和洞里萨湖（Tonle Sap）的景色，让人感到爬到山顶是值得的。	The gloomy atmosphere of the temple and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
参观景点时，还可以顺便乘船游湖。	A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the lake.
需要购买吴哥门票才能进入圣殿，所以前往洞里萨湖（Tonle Sap）时别忘了带上护照。	The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap.
耶路撒冷是以色列的首都和最大城市，尽管大多数的其他国家/地区和联合国都不承认耶路撒冷是以色列的首都。	Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital.
坐落于犹太山丘 （Judean Hills） 上的这座古城，引人入胜的历史长达几千年之久。	The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
这座城市是三大一神宗教——犹太教、基督教和伊斯兰教的圣地，是一个真正的精神、宗教和文化中心。	The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center.
耶路撒冷（尤其是老城的许多场所）的宗教意义使这座城成为以色列主要旅游目的地之一。	Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City area, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel.
耶路撒冷不仅有许多历史、考古和文化遗址，还有充满活力、人头涌涌的购物中心、咖啡馆和餐馆。	Jerusalem has many historic, archeological and cultural sites, along with vibrant and crowded shopping centers, cafés, and restaurants.
厄瓜多尔规定：古巴公民必须在收到邀请函后，才能通过国际机场或边境口岸进入厄瓜多尔。	Ecuador requires that Cuban citizens receive an invitation letter prior to entering Ecuador through international airports or frontier admission points.
该函必须经厄瓜多尔外交部批准，并符合某些要求。	This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements.
这些要求是为了在两国之间实现有条不紊的移居而设计的。	These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
持有美国绿卡的古巴公民应访问厄瓜多尔领事馆获得对此要求的豁免。	Cuban citizens who are US green card holders should visit an Ecuadorian Consulate to obtain an exemption to this requirement.
你的护照离出发日期应至少有 6 个月，而且需要一张往返/联程机票来证明你的停留时间。	Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. A round/onward trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
旅游对人数较多的旅行团来说比较便宜。如果你独自一人或只有一个朋友同行，不妨试着认识其他人，组建 4 到 6 人的旅行团，这样可以获得更优惠的人均价格。	Tours are cheaper for larger groups, so if you're by yourself or with just one friend, try to meet other people and form a group of four to six for a better per-person rate.
不过，也有一点要担心的地方，因为游客经常被运过来运过去以把汽车坐满。	However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
这实际上更像是一种骗人的方式，让人们以为他们必须支付更多的钱。	It seems actually to be more a way of tricking people into believing they have to pay more.
高耸于马丘比丘北端的这座陡峭的山峰，常常会成为许多遗址照片的背景。	Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu is this steep mountain, often the backdrop to many photos of the ruins.
从下面往上看有点吓人，而且是陡峭而艰难的上坡路，但大多数身体状况良好的人应该能在 45 分钟内完成。	It looks a bit daunting from below, and it is a steep and difficult ascent, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it in about 45 minutes.
小径的大部分路段都铺设了石阶；在较陡的部分还有钢缆作为支撑的扶手。	Stone steps are laid along most of the path, and in the steeper sections steel cables provide a supporting handrail.
据说会让人喘不过气来，还有在陡峭的地方要小心谨慎，特别是天气潮湿时，情况有可能很快变得很危险。	That said, expect to be out of breath, and take care in the steeper portions, especially when wet, as it can become dangerous quickly.
必须穿过靠近顶部的一个很低、很狭窄的小洞。	There's a tiny cave near the top that must be passed through, it is quite low and a rather tight squeeze.
要游览加拉帕戈斯群岛的景点和野生动植物，最好的交通方式就是乘船。查尔斯·达尔文在 1835 年就是乘船游览此地的。	Seeing the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is best done by boat, just as Charles Darwin did it in 1835.
超过 60 艘游船在加拉帕戈斯群岛（Galapagos）水域定期往返——这些游船的体量从可承载 8 人到 100 人不等。	Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
多数人很早就提前订好位置（因为船在旺季通常会客满）。	Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season).
一定要确保你预订行程的代理是一位对各种船只拥有丰富知识的加拉帕戈斯群岛（Galapagos）专家。	Be sure the agent through whom you book is a Galapagos specialist with a good knowledge of a wide variety of ships.
这能确保你的某项兴趣和/或约束条件能与最适合他们的船只相互匹配。	This will ensure that your particular interests and/or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them.
在 16 世纪西班牙人到来之前，智利北部受印加统治，而土著阿拉可尼人（Araucanians）（即马普切人）则居住于智利中部和南部。	Before the Spanish arrived in the 16th century, northern Chile was under Inca rule while the indigenous Araucanians (Mapuche) inhabited central and southern Chile.
马普切人也是最后独立的美洲原住民部落之一。直到智利独立后，才完全归入西班牙语系统治者的统治下。	The Mapuche were also one of the last independent American indigenous groups, that were not fully absorbed into Spanish-speaking rule until after Chile's independence.
尽管智利在1810年宣布独立（在拿破仑战争期间，西班牙在数年中没有正常运作的中央政府），但直到1818年才取得对西班牙的决定性胜利。	Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818.
多米尼加共和国（西班牙语：República Dominicana）是一个加勒比国家，地处伊斯帕尼奥拉岛的东半部分，该岛分属多米尼加与海地两国	The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti
除了拥有白色沙滩和山地景观，该国还是美洲地区最古老的欧洲风格城市的所在地，如今成为了圣多明各的其中一部分。	Besides white sand beaches and mountain landscapes, the country is home to the oldest European city in the Americas, now part of Santo Domingo.
泰诺人 (Taínos) 和加勒比人 (Caribes) 最先来到这个岛上定居。加勒比人是讲阿拉瓦克语 (Arawakan) 的民族，大约于公元前 10000 年来到这里。	The island was first inhabited by the Taínos and Caribes. The Caribes were an Arawakan-speaking people who had arrived around 10,000 BCE.
在欧洲探险者到来后的短短几年里，西班牙征服者就大大削减了泰诺斯的人口	Within a few short years following the arrival of European explorers, the population of Tainos had significantly been reduced by the Spanish conquerors
根据《Fray Bartolomé de las Casas》（Tratado de las Indias），1492 年至 1498 年间，西班牙侵略者杀害了约 100,000 台诺人。	Based on Fray Bartolomé de las Casas (Tratado de las Indias) between 1492 and 1498 the Spanish conquerors killed around 100,000 Taínos.
联盟花园 (Jardín de la Unión)。这里曾是一座 17 世纪修道院的中庭，其中的圣地亚哥圣殿是唯一现存的建筑。	Jardín de la Unión. This space was built as the atrium for a 17th-century convent, of which the Templo de San Diego is the sole surviving building.
现在这里成为了中心广场，昼夜都热闹繁忙。	It now functions as the central plaza, and always has a lot of things going on, day and night.
花园周围有许多餐馆，在下午和晚上，中央凉亭经常会有免费演唱会。	There are a number of restaurants surrounding the garden, and in the afternoons and evening there free concerts are often given from the central gazebo.
Callejon del Beso（亲吻小巷）。两个相隔仅 69 厘米的阳台是一个古老的爱情传说发生的地方。	Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Two balconies separated by only 69 centimeters is home of an old love legend.
只要给一点点钱，你就能让一些孩子讲这个故事。	For a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
宝云岛是适合一日游或周末游的人气目的地，当地提供皮划艇、徒步旅行、商店、餐馆等旅游项目和服务。	Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more.
这个真正意义上的社区位于温哥华附近的豪湾，乘坐从温哥华市中心格兰维尔岛出发的定期水上出租车，就能轻松抵达。	This authentic community is located in Howe Sound just off Vancouver, and is easily accessed via scheduled water taxis departing Granville Island in downtown Vancouver.
对那些喜欢户外活动的人来说，必然会徒步登上 Sea to Sky。	For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sea to Sky corridor is essential.
因举办了 2010 年冬奥会，惠斯勒（距温哥华 1.5 小时车程）价格高昂，但却闻名遐迩。	Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is expensive but well-known because of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
在冬季，享受北美一些最好的滑雪场地；在夏季，尝试一些真正的山地自行车骑行。	In the winter, enjoy some of the best skiing in North America, and in the summer try some authentic mountain biking.
许可证必须提前预约。你必须持有许可证，才能在塞利纳过夜。	Permits must be reserved in advance. You must have a permit to stay overnight at Sirena.
塞丽娜（Sirena）是唯一一个除露营之外还提供宿舍住宿和热餐的护林站。La Leona、San Pedrillo 和 Los Patos 只提供露营，不提供餐饮服务。	Sirena is the only ranger station that offers dormitory lodging and hot meals in addition to camping. La Leona, San Pedrillo, and Los Patos offer only camping with no food service.
可以直接从希门尼斯港 (Puerto Jiménez) 的公园管理处获得入园许可，但不能使用信用卡	It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards
公园管理局只发出预计到访日期之前一个月以内的公园许可证。	The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance of anticipated arrival.
CafeNet El Sol 提供预约服务，收费 30 美元，而一日通票价格为 10 美元；详情请见其 Corcovado 页面。	CafeNet El Sol offers a reservation service for a fee of US$30, or $10 for one-day passes; details on their Corcovado page.
库克群岛是一个岛国，是新西兰的自由结合区，位于南太平洋中部的波利尼西亚。	The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean.
它是一个由 15 个岛屿组成的群岛，分布在 220 万平方公里的海面上。	It is an archipelago with 15 islands spread out over 2.2 million km2 of ocean.
由于和夏威夷处于同一时区，这些岛屿有时被认为是“南方的夏威夷”。	With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as "Hawaii down under".
虽然规模较小，但它让一些年长的游客联想到建州之前的夏威夷，当时还没有这么多大型观光酒店和其他开发项目。	Though smaller, it reminds some elderly visitors of Hawaii before statehood without all the large tourist hotels and other development.
库克群岛没有城市，而是由 15 个不同的岛屿组成。主要的岛屿有拉罗汤加岛 (Rarotonga) 和艾图塔基岛 (Aitutaki)。	The Cook Islands do not have any cities but are composed of 15 different islands. The main ones are Rarotonga and Aitutaki.
在当今发达国家，提供豪华民宿已经上升为一种艺术形式。	In developed countries today, providing deluxe bed and breakfasts has been raised to a sort of art-form.
在高端市场上，显而易见，一众 B&B 公司主要在两个方面展开竞争：床铺和早餐。	At the top end, B&Bs obviously compete mainly on two main things: bedding and breakfast.
因而在这般上佳之所里，人们往往会发现最奢华的床上用品，也许正是一条手工制作的被子，或者是一张年代久远的床榻。	Accordingly, at the finest such establishments one is apt to find the most luxurious bedding, maybe a handmade quilt or an antique bed.
早餐可能包括当地的时令美食或主人提供的特色菜。	Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
场景可能是一栋有历史意义的古老建筑，有着古色古香的家具、修剪整齐的地面和游泳池。	The setting might be an historic old building with antique furnishings, manicured grounds and a swimming pool.
坐进自己的车，开启一段漫长的公路之旅，本身就有一种简单纯粹的吸引力。	Getting into your own car and heading off on a long road trip has an intrinsic appeal in its simplicity.
与大型车不同，你可能已经很熟悉驾驶自己的车，也知道它的局限。	Unlike larger vehicles, you are probably already familiar with driving your car and know its limitations.
在私人地产或任何规模的小镇上搭建帐篷，都很容易引起不必要的注意。	Setting up a tent on private property or in a town of any size can easily attract unwanted attention.
简而言之，开车是一种很棒的自驾游方式，但它本身不太适合“露营”。	In short, using your car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a way to "camp".
如果你有一辆较大的小型面包车、运动型休旅车、轿车或旅行车，并且座椅可以放平，那么你就可以进行汽车露营。	Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down.
有些酒店的渊源可以追溯到蒸汽火车和远洋轮船的黄金时代：第二次世界大战之前，在 19 世纪或 20 世纪初。	Some hotels have a heritage from the golden age of steam railways and ocean liners; before the Second World War, in the 19th or early 20th centuries.
这些酒店是当时富人和名人的落脚处，并且通常有高档餐厅和夜生活场所。	These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and often had fine dining and nightlife.
传统装备、缺乏最新设施及颇具年代感的优雅韵味也是其特色。	The old fashioned fittings, the lack of the latest amenities, and a certain graceful agedness are also part of their character.
虽然它们通常是属于私人所有的，但有时也为来访的国家元首和其他政要提供住宿。	While they are usually privately owned, they sometimes accommodate visiting heads of state and other dignitaries.
一名腰缠万贯的旅客可能会考虑乘飞机环游世界，并在旅途中陆续入住许多家这样的酒店。	A traveller with piles of money might consider a round the world flight, broken up with stays in many of these hotels.
食宿交换网络是一个让旅客和其目的地城市的本地居民连接的组织。	A hospitality exchange network is the organization that connects travelers with locals in the cities they are going to visit.
加入这样的组织，通常只需要填写一张在线表格；尽管有些组织提供或要求额外的验证。	Joining such a network usually just requires filling out an online form; although some networks offer or require additional verification.
随后会提供一份纸质版和/或在线版名单，将尚有空房的房东一一列出，有时会标明其他旅客的推荐和评价信息。	A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers.
沙发冲浪成立于 2004 年 1 月。在那之前，计算机程序员凯西·芬顿 (Casey Fenton) 找到了飞往冰岛的廉价航班，但却没有住所。	Couchsurfing was founded in January 2004 after computer programmer Casey Fenton found a cheap flight to Iceland but did not have a place to stay.
他给当地大学的学生发送邮件后，提供免费住宿的邀请蜂拥而至。	He emailed students at the local university and received an overwhelming number of offers for free accommodation.
旅舍主要为年轻人提供服务，二十岁左右的年轻人便是其典型客户，但你也可以经常在那里遇到相对年长的人。	Hostels cater primarily to young people – a typical guest is in their twenties – but you can often find older travellers there too.
尽管很少有带着孩子的家庭，但一些旅舍会允许他们住单间。	Families with children are a rare sight, but some hostels do allow them in private rooms.
中国北京将成为 2022 年冬季奥运会的主办城市，这座城市也将因此成为第一个同时举办过夏季和冬季奥运会的城市。	The city of Beijing in China will be the host city of the Olympic Winter Games in 2022, which will make it the first city to have hosted both the summer and winter Olympics.
北京将举办开幕式、闭幕式和室内滑冰赛事。	Beijing will host the opening and closing ceremonies and the indoor ice events.
其他滑雪活动将在张家口太子城滑雪场举行，距离北京约 220 公里（140 英里）。	Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in Zhangjiakou, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing.
大多数寺庙都有一年一度的节日，从十一月底开始，到五月中旬结束，每个寺庙的节日时间各不相同。	Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar.
大多数寺庙节日都是为了庆祝寺庙周年纪念日、主持神的生日等寺庙大事而举办的。	Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
喀拉拉邦的寺庙节日极其有趣，通常有装饰华丽的大象游行、寺庙管弦乐队表演和其他庆典活动。	Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities.
世界博览会（俗称万国博览会，简称世博）是一场展示艺术和科学的国际盛会。	A World's Fair (commonly called World Exposition, or simply Expo) is large international festival of arts and sciences.
参与国在国家展馆中举办艺术和教育展览，展示世界问题或本国的文化和历史。	Participating countries present artistic and educational displays in national pavilions to showcase world issues or their country's culture and history.
世界园艺博览会是展示花卉、植物园和与植物有关的一切。	International Horticultural Expositions are specialised events which showcase floral displays, botanical gardens and anything else to do with plants.
虽然理论上世博会可以每年举行一次（只要在不同的国家举办就行），但实际上并非如此。	Although in theory they can take place annually (so long as they are in different countries), in practice they are not.
这些项目的持续时间通常从三到六个月不等，而且是在不小于 50 公顷的场地里举行。	These events normally last anywhere between three and six months, and are held on sites no smaller than 50 hectares.
多年来，人们使用过很多不同的胶片格式。标准 35mm 胶片（36x24mm 底片）是最常见的。	There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
如果用完了胶片，通常可以很轻易地补货，所呈现的分辨率大致与当前的数码单反相机无差。	It can usually be replenished fairly easily if you run out, and gives resolution roughly comparable to a current DSLR.
一些中画幅胶片相机使用 6x6cm 的画幅，更准确地说，是 56x56mm 的底片。	Some medium-format film cameras use a 6 by 6 cm format, more precisely a 56 by 56 mm negative.
这样一来，分辨率几乎达到了 35 mm 底片（3136 mm2 对 864）的四倍。	This gives resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 mm2 versus 864).
对摄影师来说，野生动物是最难拍的对象之一。好运、耐心、经验、精良的设备，缺一不可。	Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, and needs a combination of good luck, patience, experience and good equipment.
很多人对野生动物摄影习以为常，但就像普通摄影作品一样，一张照片胜过千言万语。	Wildlife photography is often taken for granted, but like photography in general, a picture is worth a thousand words.
拍摄野生动物通常会用到长焦镜头，不过拍鸟群或微小生物之类的对象则需要其他镜头。	Wildlife photography often requires a long telephoto lens, though things like a flock of birds or a tiny creature need other lenses.
许多珍稀动物很难找到，公园有时也有针对商业摄影的规定。	Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes.
野生动物有的怕人，有的具有攻击性。环境可能寒冷、炎热或恶劣。	Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
世界上有超过 5,000 种不同的语言，其中有 20 多种语言的使用者超过了 5,000 万人。	The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers.
而且，书面文字往往比口头文字更容易理解。在描述地址时尤为如此，因为通常很难发清楚读音。	Written words are often easier to understand than spoken words, also. This is especially true of addresses, which are often difficult to pronounce intelligibly.
在许多国家/地区，全国的人都能说一口流利的英语，而在更多的国家/地区，人们对英语也略知一二，尤其是年轻人。	Many entire nations are completely fluent in English, and in even more you can expect a limited knowledge - especially among younger people.
如果你愿意，请想象一个曼彻斯特人、一个波士顿人、一个牙买加人和一个悉尼人围坐在多伦多的一家餐馆里吃饭。	Imagine, if you will, a Mancunian, Bostonian, Jamaican and Sydneysider sitting around a table having dinner at a restaurant in Toronto.
他们用各自独特的口音和当地的土语讲述家乡的故事，逗彼此开心。	They're regaling each other with stories from their hometowns, told in their distinct accents and local argot.
在超市购买食物通常是填饱肚子最便宜的方式。如果不具备烹饪条件，就只能选择现成的食物。	Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food.
超市里成品食品的种类越来越多。有些甚至提供微波炉或其他方法用来加热食品。	Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
在某些国家或某些类型的商店，至少有一家餐厅（通常是非正式的）的价格相当实惠。	In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices.
把你的保险单和保险公司的详细联系方式复印几份并随身携带。	Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
为了咨询、授权和索赔，他们需要出示保险公司的邮箱地址和国际电话号码。	They need to show the insurer's e-mail address and international phone numbers for advice/authorizations and making claims.
备好一份复印件放在行李中，并在网上另存一份副本（通过电子邮件给自己发送附件，或者存储在“云端”）。	Have another copy in your luggage and online (e-mail to yourself with attachment, or stored in the "cloud").
如果旅行时随身携带笔记本电脑或平板电脑，在内存或磁盘中存储一份副本（无需网络也可访问）。	If traveling with a laptop or tablet, store a copy in its memory or disc (accessible without the internet).
同时将保险合同/联系方式的副本交予旅伴以及归乡后愿意帮忙的亲友手中。	Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
驼鹿（也被称为麋鹿）天生不具攻击性，但如果感觉到威胁它们也会自卫。	Moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat.
有些人不把驼鹿当成潜在的危险，可能会靠得太近，将自己置于危险之中。	When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk.
适量饮用含酒精的饮料。酒精对每个人的影响都不一样，了解自己的饮酒极限非常重要。	Drink alcoholic drinks with moderation. Alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your limit is very important.
过量饮酒可能导致长期的健康问题，比如肝脏损伤， 甚至会导致失明和死亡。饮用非法生产的酒类时，潜在的危险性更大。	Possible long term health events from excessive drinking can include liver damage and even blindness and death. The potential danger is increased when consuming illegally produced alcohol.
非法烈酒可能含有包括甲醇在内的各种危险杂质，即使小剂量也会导致失明或死亡。	Illegal spirits can contain various dangerous impurities including methanol, which can cause blindness or death even in small doses.
眼镜在国外可能更便宜，特别是在低收入国家，那里的劳动力成本更加低廉。	Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower.
可以考虑在本国做眼部检查（尤其是医保可以报销的情况下），然后将处方拿到其他地方去配镜。	Consider getting an eye exam at home, especially if insurance covers it, and bringing the prescription along to be filed elsewhere.
在这些地区买到的高端品牌镜架可能存在两个问题：有些可能是山寨货，而且正品进口镜架可能比在国内购买要贵。	High-end brand-name frames available in such areas may have two problems; some may be knock-offs, and the real imported ones may be more expensive than at home.
咖啡是全球交易量最大的商品之一，你在家乡很可能可以买到种类繁多的咖啡。	Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region.
尽管如此，世界上还是有许多独特的咖啡饮用方式，这些方式都值得去体验。	Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing.
溪降时要进入峡谷的底部，峡谷可以是干涸的，也可以有很深的水。	Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water.
溪降结合了游泳、爬山和跳跃的元素——但只需要相对较少的训练和体能基础就可以入门（和攀岩、水肺潜水、高山滑雪等相比）。	Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example).
远足是指在自然环境中（通常是在远足步道上）行走的户外活动。	Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
单日徒步是指一天内走完的行程，行程距离可低至少于一英里。	Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
沿着一条平缓的小径远足一天几乎不需要什么准备，并且任何人只要身体不算差，都可以享受远足的乐趣。	For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them.
有小孩的家庭可能需要做更多的准备，但即使带着婴儿和学龄前儿童，在户外待一天也不难。	Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children.
全球有近 200 个跑步旅游组织，大多独立运营。	Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently.
全球跑步之旅 (Global Running Tours) 的接替者 Go Running Tours 把四大洲数十个观光跑运营商连接起来。	The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents.
这个组织起源于巴塞罗那的“巴塞罗那跑步之旅”（Running Tours Barcelona ）组织和哥本哈根的“哥本哈根跑步”（Running Copenhagen）组织，很快布拉格的“布拉格跑步之旅”（ Running Tours Prague）及其他地区的组织也加入其中。	With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others.
出发前和旅途中，你必须考虑到很多方面。	There are many things you have to take into consideration before and when you travel somewhere.
当你旅行时，请不要期待一切就像“在家里”一样。 礼节、法律、饮食、交通、住宿、标准和语言等等都会与你居住的地方有所不同。	When you travel, expect things not to be like they are "back home". Manners, laws, food, traffic, lodging, standards, language and so on will to some extent differ from where you live.
这是你需要永远记在心上的一点，这样才能避免失望或者甚至对当地的做法表示厌恶。	This is something you always need to keep in mind, to avoid disappointment or perhaps even distaste over local ways to do things.
旅行社自 19 世纪一直存在至今。如果在一段旅程中，旅行者不熟悉目的地的自然、文化和语言，或者计划去低收入国家旅行，那么旅行社一般会是很好的选择。	Travel agencies have been around since the 19th century. A travel agent is usually a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's previous experience of nature, culture, language or low-income countries.
虽然大多数旅行社都愿意接受大部分的常规预约，但也有很多旅行社专门从事特定类型、特定预算范围或特定目的地的旅行业务。	Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations.
最好找一个常常预订与你的旅程类似的代理。	It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
看看旅行社推广什么旅游产品，可以在网站上或商店橱窗里查看。	Take a look at what trips the agent is promoting, whether on a website or in a shop window.
无论是出于必要、还是为了换换生活方式、挑战自我，如果你想花最少的钱看世界，有些办法可以帮你做到。	If you want to see the world on the cheap, for necessity, lifestyle or challenge, there are some ways to do that.
基本上，它们可分为两类：要么边旅行边工作，要么尽量减少开支。这篇文章着重于后者。	Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you travel or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter.
对于那些愿意牺牲舒适度和时间，喜欢充满惊喜的旅行，并把开销降至接近于零的游客，请参阅《最低预算旅行攻略》。	For those willing to sacrifice comfort, time and predictability to push expenses down close to zero, see minimum budget travel.
该设想假定旅行者不会为了自己的利益而进行偷窃、非法侵入、参与非法市场、乞讨或为了私利剥削他人。	The advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit other people for their own gain.
入境检查站通常是走下飞机、轮船或其他交通工具后经过的第一站。	An immigration checkpoint is usually the first stop when disembarking from a plane, a ship, or another vehicle.
一些跨境列车的查验在车上进行；登上跨境列车时，应该携带有效的身份证件。	In some cross-border trains inspections are done on the running train and you should have valid ID with you when boarding one of those trains.
在夜间卧铺列车上，为了不影响乘客睡眠，列车长可能会提前收取护照。	On night sleeper trains, passports may be collected by the conductor so that you do not have your sleep interrupted.
注册是签证流程的附加要求。在一些国家，你必须向当地政府登记你的存在和住址。	Registration is an additional requirement for the visa process. In some countries, you must register your presence and address where you are staying with the local authorities.
这可能需要去当地警察局填写表格或去一趟移民办公室。	This might require filling out a form with the local police or a visit to the immigration offices.
在很多有这样法律的国家，当地的旅馆可以办理登记注册手续（一定要问清楚）。	In many countries with such a law, local hotels will handle the registration (make sure to ask).
在其他情况下，只有住在旅游住宿设施以外的人需要登记。不过这样一来，法律模糊了很多，所以要事先了解。	In other cases, only those staying outside of tourist accommodations need to register.  However, this makes the law much more obscure, so find out beforehand.
建筑学是一门研究建筑设计和建造的学科。一个地方的建筑往往本身就是旅游景点。	Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
许多建筑物的外观都很漂亮，无论是从高楼上看去，还是从一个位置巧妙的窗口望出去，都会看到一幅美不胜收的景象。	Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold.
建筑与城市规划、土木工程、装饰艺术、室内设计和景观设计等领域有相当多的重叠之处。	Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design.
鉴于许多普韦布洛人居住得非常偏远，你得前往阿尔伯克基或圣达菲才能享受到丰富的夜生活。	Given how remote many of the pueblos are, you won't be able to find a significant amount of nightlife without traveling to Albuquerque or Santa Fe.
然而，上面列出的几乎所有赌场都供应饮料，其中一些赌场还提供知名的娱乐活动（主要是紧邻阿尔伯克基和圣达菲的大型赌场）。	However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe).
注意：对来自其他州的游客而言，这里的小镇酒吧并不总是闲逛的好地方。	Beware: small-town bars here are not always good places for the out-of-state visitor to hang out.
首先，新墨西哥州北部有严重的酒驾问题，并且小镇酒吧附近的司机酒驾的比例很高。	For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars.
擅自绘制的壁画或乱写乱涂被称为涂鸦。	Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
尽管这绝不是现代才出现的现象，但大多数人很可能会将其与年轻人使用喷漆破坏公共和私有财产联系起来。	While it's far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate it with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint.
然而，如今已经有了成熟的涂鸦艺术家、涂鸦活动和“合法”涂鸦墙。在这种背景下创作的涂鸦绘画往往更类似于艺术品，而非难以辨认的标签。	However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and "legal" walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags.
投掷回旋镖是很多游客都想学会的一项热门技能。	Boomerang throwing is a popular skill that many tourists want to acquire.
如果你想学掷回力镖，让它飞出去之后能飞回手中，请务必使用可以飞回的合适的回力镖。	If you want to learn throwing a boomerang that comes back to your hand, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning.
实际上，澳大利亚市面上的大多数回旋镖都飞不回来。初学者最好不要尝试在大风中投掷回旋镖	Most boomerangs available in Australia are in fact non-returning. It is best for beginners to not try throwing in windy
Hangi 指的是烧窑美食。	A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
坑洞通过用火烧过的石头加热，在某些地方则是利用地热使地面自然变热。	The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot.
石头火锅经常用于烹饪传统的烤肉大餐。	The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
罗托鲁瓦有几个地方提供地热窑烤 (hangi)，而在克赖斯特彻奇、惠灵顿和其他地方也可以品尝到其他做法的毛利窑烤。	Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere.
开普敦城内和绕城的通勤火车上有 MetroRail 车厢，MetroRail 有两个等级：MetroPlus（也叫头等舱）和Metro（也叫三等舱）。	MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
MetroPlus 更舒适，也没那么拥挤，但稍微贵了一点，即便如此还是比欧洲的普通地铁票便宜。	MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe.
每列火车都有 MetroPlus 和 Metro 车厢；前者总是在火车靠近开普敦的那一端。	Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town.
为他人携带物品——千万不要让行李离开你的视线，尤其是在出入境时。	Carrying for others - Never let your bags out of your sight, especially when you are crossing international borders.
你可能会发现自己被人利用，在不知情的情况下成了一个运毒者，这会让你陷入很大的麻烦。	You could find yourself being used as a drug carrier without your knowledge, which will land you in a great deal of trouble.
这包括排队等候，因为随时都可能在没有事先通知的情况下使用缉毒犬。	This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice.
有些国家/地区甚至对初犯也会判以极其严厉的处罚；处罚可能包括 10 年以上的监禁或死刑。	Some countries have exceedingly draconian punishments even for first time offenses; these can include prison sentences of over 10 years or death.
无人看管的袋子不仅是窃贼的目标，还会被当成炸弹威胁，引起当局的警惕和关注。	Unattended bags are a target for theft and can also attract attention from authorities wary of bomb threats.
在家时，由于会经常接触当地病菌，你极易对其产生免疫力。	At home, due to this constant exposure to the local germs, odds are very high that you're already immune to them.
但在从来没有过细菌群的世界其他地方，你遇到问题的可能性要大得多。	But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems.
而且，在温暖的气候下细菌既可以快速繁殖，又可以在体外存活更久。	Also, in warmer climates bacteria both grow more quickly and survive longer outside the body.
于是“德里腹泻”、”法老的诅咒”和“蒙特祖玛的复仇”之类的灾祸就出现了。	Thus the scourges of Delhi Belly, the Pharaoh's Curse, Montezuma's Revenge, and their many friends.
正如寒冷气候易发呼吸道问题，炎热气候也极易引发肠道问题。在绝大多数情况下，肠道问题会令人显著不适，但并非十分危险。	As with respiratory problems in colder climates, intestinal problems in hot climates are fairly common and in most cases are distinctly annoying but not really dangerous.
如果你第一次去发展中国家旅行，或者去一个陌生的地方旅行，千万不要低估可能出现的文化冲击。	If traveling in a developing country for the first time – or in a new part of the world – don't underestimate the potential culture shock.
许多情绪稳定、能力较强的旅客都曾被在发展中国家旅行的新问题所吓倒，在那里，需要迅速适应接踵而至的许多细微文化差异。	Many a stable, capable traveler has been overcome by the newness of developing world travel, where many little cultural adjustments can add up quickly.
尤其是在刚开始的日子里，您可以考虑在西式和高质量的酒店、食物和服务上多花些钱，来帮助您适应环境。	Especially in your initial days, consider splurging on Western-style and -quality hotels, food, and services to help acclimatize.
在不了解当地动物群的地区，切勿睡在地上的床垫或垫子上。	Do not sleep on a mattress or pad on the ground in areas where you do not know the local fauna.
如果要去野营，请带上露营床或吊床，以免蛇和蝎子之类的危害。	If you are going to camp out, bring a camp cot or hammock to keep you away from snakes, scorpions and such.
清晨在家享受香浓咖啡，夜晚则泡上令人放松的甘菊茶。	Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night.
宅在家里度假，手头上时间多了，可以稍微多花点时间泡一杯特别的饮品，犒劳犒劳自己。	When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special.
如果你想更新奇一点，可以利用这个机会榨些果汁或制作混合奶昔：	If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:
也许你会发现一种在回归到规律的日常生活时，可以在早餐时制作的简单饮料。	maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
如果你生活的城市有多种饮酒文化，那就去那些你不常去的街区的酒吧或酒馆。	If you live in a city with a varied drinking culture, go to bars or pubs in neighborhoods you don't frequent.
对于那些不熟悉医学术语的人来说，”传染性”和“触染性”这两个词的含义截然不同。	For those unfamiliar with medical jargon, the words infectious and contagious have distinct meanings.
传染病是由包括病毒、细菌、真菌和其他寄生物在内的病原体引起的疾病。	An infectious disease is one that is caused by a pathogen, such as a virus, bacterium, fungus or other parasites.
传染病是指在感染者附近极易传播的一类疾病。	A contagious disease is a disease which is easily transmitted by being in the vicinity of an infected person.
多国政府要求入境游客或离境居民接种一系列疾病疫苗。	Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases.
这些要求通常取决于旅行者已经访问或打算访问的国家。	These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
北卡罗来纳州夏洛特市的优势之一在于它为家庭提供了许多高质量的选择。	One of strong points of Charlotte, North Carolina, is that it has an abundance of high-quality options for families.
来自其他地区的住户常常评赞，家庭友好是他们移居那里的主要原因，而游客们也会发现带着孩子一起游览这座城市非常惬意。	Residents from other areas often cite family-friendliness as a primary reason for moving there, and visitors often find the city easy to enjoy with children around.
过去 20 年来，夏洛特上城区方便儿童的设施实现了指数级增长。	In the past 20 years, the amount of child-friendly options in Uptown Charlotte has grown exponentially.
在夏洛特 (Charlotte) 生活的家庭除了特殊情况外，一般不使用出租车。	Taxis are not generally used by families in Charlotte, though they can be of some use in certain circumstances.
乘客超过 2 人则需要额外付费，所以这个选项可能比较昂贵，没有必要。	There is a surcharge for having more than 2 passengers, so this option might be more expensive than necessary.
南极洲环绕着南极，是地球上最冷的地方。	Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole.
旅行费用高昂，对身体素质要求也很高，并且只能在十一月至次年二月的夏季前往，游览地点主要限于半岛、群岛和罗斯海。	Tourist visits are costly, demand physical fitness, can only take place in summer Nov-Feb, and are largely limited to the Peninsula, Islands and Ross Sea.
在夏天，这里的四十余个基地会迎来几千名工作人员，其中的大多数人驻扎在此地区；一小部分人留下越冬。	A couple of thousand staff live here in summer in some four dozen bases mostly in those areas; a small number stay over winter.
南极洲内陆是一片荒凉的高原，为 2-3 千米厚的冰所覆盖。	Inland Antarctica is a desolate plateau covered by 2-3 km of ice.
偶尔会有专门的航空旅行团前往内陆旅行，参加登山活动，或前往南北极的大型基地。	Occasional specialist air tours go inland, for mountaineering or to reach the Pole, which has a large base.
南极穿越公路 (South Pole Traverse)（或高速公路）始于罗斯海的麦克默多站 (McMurdo Station)，直通南极点，全长 1600 公里。	The South Pole Traverse (or Highway) is a 1600 km trail from McMurdo Station on the Ross Sea to the Pole.
雪被压实，缝隙也被填满，并用旗帜做了标记。只有专门的拖拉机以及拖着装有燃料和补给的雪橇才能通行。	It's compacted snow with crevasses filled in and marked by flags. It can only be traveled by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies.
车子并不是很灵活，所以必须绕着横贯南极山脉，拐一个长长的的大弯才能来到高原。	These aren't very nimble so the trail has to take a long swerve around the Transantarctic Mountains to come onto the plateau.
冬天最常见的事故原因是道路和路面（人行道）湿滑，特别是台阶。	The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps.
至少你需要鞋底适当的鞋子。穿夏季鞋在冰雪上行走通常很滑，甚至一些冬季靴也有所不足。	At a minimum, you need footwear with suitable soles. Summer shoes are usually very slippery on ice and snow, even some winter boots are deficient.
鞋纹应该足够深，在5 毫米（1/5英寸）或以上；材料应在低温下足够柔软。	The pattern should be deep enough, 5 mm (1/5 inch) or more, and the material soft enough in cold temperatures.
有的靴子有鞋钉；也有为湿滑路面设计的、带有鞋钉的扩展装备，适用于大多数鞋子和靴子，能装在鞋跟上，或同时装在鞋跟和鞋底上。	Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole.
鞋跟应该低而宽。道路上经常会撒上细沙、砂石或盐粒（氯化钙），以增加摩擦力。	Heels should be low and wide. Sand, gravel or salt (calcium chloride) is often scattered on roads or paths to improve traction.
雪崩并不是异常现象；陡坡上所能容纳的雪量有限，多余的雪就会以雪崩的形式坠落。	Avalanches are not an abnormality; steep slopes can hold only so much slow, and the excess volumes will come down as avalanches.
问题是雪有很强的粘性。因此需要一些触发因素才能降雪，而有一点雪落下来也可能触发其他的雪下降。	The problem is that snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and some snow coming down can be the triggering event for the rest.
有时起初的触发原因是太阳让雪变暖，有时是因为降雪多了些，有时是因为其他自然事件，但更常见的原因往往是人为因素。	Sometimes the original trigging event is the sun warming the snow, sometimes some more snowfall, sometimes other natural events, often a human.
龙卷风是一股气压极低的旋转气流柱，它能将周围的空气向内、向上吸入。	A tornado is a spinning column of very low-pressure air, which sucks the surrounding air inward and upward.
龙卷风会产生强风（常常每小时 100-200 英里），能把重物抛到空中，并裹挟着它们向前移动。	They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and can lift heavy objects into the air, carrying them as the tornado moves.
刚开始时，漏斗状云从雷暴云中向下伸展，当它们接触地面时就变成了“龙卷风”。	They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
个人 VPN（虚拟专用网络）程序是规避政治审查和商业 IP 地理过滤的绝佳工具。	Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering.
它们优于网页代理的原因如下：它们重新路由所有互联网流量，而不仅仅是超文本传送协议 (http) 内容。	They are superior to web proxies for several reasons: They re-route all Internet traffic, not only http.
它们通常会提供更高的带宽和更优质的服务。它们经过加密，更难被监视。	They normally offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are encrypted and thus harder to spy on.
媒体公司照例撒谎以掩盖其目的，声称这是为了“防止盗版”。	The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to "prevent piracy".
事实上，区域码对非法复制毫无影响；一份逐位拷贝的磁盘副本在任何可以播放原盘的设备上都可以顺利播放。	In fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will.
实际上的目的是为了让这些公司更好地控制他们的市场；一切都是为了圈钱。	The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
因为呼叫是通过互联网路由的，因此你不必使用位于你居住地或旅行地点的通话公司。	Because calls are routed over the Internet, you do not need to use a phone company located where you live or where you travel.
是否在居住的社区获得本地号码，这点没有要求；你可以在阿拉斯加奇金的野外获得卫星互联网连接，然后选一个号码，显示你位于阳光明媚的亚利桑那州。	There is also no requirement that you obtain a local number from the community in which you live; you can obtain a satellite Internet connection in the wilds of Chicken, Alaska and select a number which claims you're in sunny Arizona.
很多时候，你必须单独购买一个可以在全球使用的号码，这样才能接听来自公共交换电话网 (PSTN) 电话的呼叫。该号码的来源地对主叫方有很大影响。	Often, you have to buy a global number separately that allows PSTN phones to call you. Where the number is from makes a difference for people calling you.
实时文本翻译应用：能够自动将整段文本从一种语言转换成另一种语言的应用程序。	Real-time text translator apps – applications that are capable of automatically translating whole segments of text from one language into another.
某些此类应用程序甚至让用户把智能手机对着现实世界中的标志或其他物体，就能翻译上面的外语文字。	Some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects.
翻译引擎有了显著的改进，现在经常提供或多或少正确的翻译（而更多情况是很少有胡言乱语），但需要注意的是，他们仍然可能会完全翻错。	The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong.
一个最杰出的此类应用是谷歌翻译。在下载所需语言数据后，它可以进行离线翻译。	One of the most prominent apps in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data.
出国旅行时，使用智能手机 GPS 导航应用可能是最简单方便的导航方式。	Using GPS navigation apps on your smartphone can be the easiest and most convenient way to navigate when out of your home country.
比起够买带 GPS 的地图或独立的 GPS 设备，或者是从汽车租赁公司租一个，这种方式更省钱。	It can save money over buying new maps for a GPS, or a standalone GPS device or renting one from a car rental company.
如果你的手机没有数据连接，或者不在服务范围，手机的性能可能会受限，或者无法使用手机。	If you don't have a data connection for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable.
每个街头小店都摆满了一排令人眼花缭乱的预付费电话卡，这些电话卡既可以用于公用付费电话机，也可以用于普通电话机。	Every corner store is filled with a confusing array of pre-paid phone cards that can be used from pay phones or ordinary telephones.
尽管大多数电话卡适合给任何地方打电话，但有些卡在拨打一些特定国家的电话时有特别优惠。	While most cards are good for calling anywhere, some specialise in providing favourable call rates to specific groups of countries.
通常拨打一个电话号码即可获取这些服务，而大多数的电话都可免费拨打该串号码。	Access to these services is often through a toll-free telephone number that can be called from most phones without charge.
有关常规摄影的规则也适用于录像，甚至可能更适用。	Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so.
如果连拍照都不允许的话，就更不用想拍摄视频了。	If just taking a photo of something isn't allowed, then you shouldn't even think of recording a video of it.
如果使用无人机，请提前仔细确认可以拍摄的内容，以及需要哪些许可或额外的牌照。	If using a drone, check well in advance as to what you are allowed to film and what permits or additional licensing are required.
在机场附近或人群拥挤的地方操控无人机升空，是个馊主意，即使这在你所在地区并不违法。	Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is almost always a bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area.
现在已经很少有人不先搜索和比较价格，就直接通过航空公司订票了。	Nowadays air travel is only rarely booked directly through the airline without first searching and comparing prices.
有时，同一航班在不同信息汇集网站上的价格可能相差很大，在预订前先比较搜索结果，同时看看航空公司自己的网站，是有好处的。	Sometimes the same flight can have vastly differing prices at various agregators and it pays to compare search results and to also look at the website of the airline itself before booking.
尽管短期访问某些国家时，旅游或商务出行并不需要签证，但留学生去那里的话，所待的时间通常需比休闲的游客要长。	While you may not need a visa for short visits to certain countries as a tourist or for business, going there as an international student generally requires a longer stay than going there just as a casual tourist.
通常来说，较长时间停留在外国需要提前获取签证。	In general, staying in any foreign country for an extended period of time will require you to obtain a visa in advance.
与普通旅游签证或商务签证相比，学生签证通常有不同的要求和申请程序。	Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
在大多数国家，你需要一份你希望就读的学校的录取通知书，以及证明你有至少第一年课程所需资金的文件。	For most countries, you will need an offer letter from the institution you wish to study at, and also evidence of funds to support yourself for at least the first year of your course.
咨询学校及你希望留学的国家的移民局，以了解详细要求。	Check with the institution, as well as the immigration department for the country you wish to study in for detailed requirements.
除非你是外交官，否则在海外工作一般需要向所在国家/地区缴纳所得税。	Unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in.
国家不同，所得税的结构是不同的，税率和税率等级也有很大的差异。	Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another.
一些联邦国家，比如美国和加拿大，会征收联邦和地方所得税，因此税率和等级可能因地区而异。	In some federal countries, such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region.
在回到本国时通常不需要进行入境检查或者只是走走形式，但过海关可能会很麻烦。	While immigration check is usually absent or a formality when you arrive in your homeland, customs control can be a hassle.
确保知晓可以携带什么，不能携带什么，并申报任何超出法律允许的物件。	Make sure you know what you can and cannot bring in and declare anything over the legal limits.
开始旅行写作最简单的方法就是在一个资深旅行博客网站上磨练你的技能。	The easiest way to get started in the business of travel writing is to hone your skills on an established travel blog website.
熟悉网上排版和编辑后，你便可创建自己的网站。	After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website.
在旅行中进行志愿服务是一种与众不同的好方法，但这不仅仅在于付出。	Volunteering while travelling is a great way to make a difference but it's not just about giving.
在国外生活和做志愿者，是了解不同文化、结识新朋友、了解自我、锻炼正确判断的能力、甚至是获得新技能的好方法。	Living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even gain new skills.
这也是一个节省预算的好方法，可以在某处待更长时间，因为很多志愿者工作提供食宿，有些工作还有少量工资。	It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary.
维京人利用俄罗斯水路到达黑海和里海。其中一些路线至今仍可通行。确认一下是否需要特殊许可证，这些许可证可能很难申请。	Vikings used the Russian waterways to get to the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. Parts of these routes can still be used. Check possible need for special permits, which may be difficult to get.
白令海峡经由奥内加湖（Lake Onega）、拉多加湖（Lake Ladoga）和圣彼得堡（Saint Petersburg）连接北冰洋和波罗的海，连接处多数是河流和湖泊。	The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers and lakes.
奥内加湖 (Lake Onega) 也与伏尔加河 (Volga) 连接，因此可能可以从里海 (Caspian Sea) 经俄罗斯到达这里。	Lake Onega is also connected to Volga, so coming from the Caspian Sea through Russia is still possible.
请放心，在到达码头后，一切都会顺其自然。你会遇到其他要搭便船的人，他们会与你分享信息。	Be assured that once you hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You will meet other boat hitchhikers and they will share their information with you.
基本上，你可以张贴告示，告知他人你可以提供帮助、在码头上来回走动、接触正在清理游艇的人或酒吧里的水手等等。	Basically you'll be putting up notices offering your help, pacing the docks, approaching people cleaning their yachts, trying to make contact with sailors in the bar, etc.
试着和尽可能多的人聊天。过一段时间，每个人都会认识你，他们会提示你哪条船在找人。	Try to talk to as many people as possible. After a while everyone will know you and will give you hints as to which boat is looking for someone.
你务必谨慎选择联盟中的”飞行常客“航空公司。	You should choose your Frequent Flyer airline in an alliance carefully.
虽然你可能会认为，乘坐哪家航空公司航班的次数最多就加入哪家航空公司的会员是很自然的事，但你应该知道，航空公司提供的权益往往不同，同一联盟下的其他航空公司可能会回馈更多常旅客积分。	Although you may think it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that privileges offered are often different and frequent flyer points may be more generous under a different airline in the same alliance.
诸如阿联酋航空公司、阿提哈德航空公司、卡塔尔航空公司和土耳其航空公司之类的航司已经大大扩展了对非洲的服务业务，提供了飞往非洲许多主要城市的航线，价格也比其他欧洲航空公司更有竞争力。	Airlines such as Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways & Turkish Airlines have greatly expanded their services to Africa, and offer connections to many major African cities at competitive rates than other European airlines.
从 2014 年开始，土耳其航空公司可到达 30 个非洲国家的 39 个目的地。	Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014.
如果你的旅行时间有富余，请查看前往非洲的总票价跟环球旅行票价的比较情况。	If you have additional travel time, check to see how your total fare quote to Africa compares with a round-the-world fare.
对于非洲以外的所有地区，别忘了加上额外的签证费、离境税、地面交通等费用。	Don't forget to add in the extra costs of additional visas, departure taxes, ground transportation, etc. for all those places outside of Africa.
如果你只想在南半球范围内坐飞机环游世界，航班和目的地的选择都十分有限，因为跨洋航线很少。	If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is limited due to the lack of transoceanic routes.
南半球没有一家航空联盟的航线能横跨全部三个大洋（天合联盟甚至没有跨洋航线）。	No airline alliance covers all three ocean crossings in the Southern Hemisphere (and SkyTeam covers none of the crossings).
然而，星空联盟涵盖了全球各条航线，不过从智利的圣地亚哥到塔希提岛的东南太平洋航线除外，这是南美航空 (LATAM) 寰宇一家航空公司的航线。	However, Star Alliance covers everything except the eastern South Pacific from Santiago de Chile to Tahiti, which is a LATAM Oneworld flight.
如果你不想经过南太平洋和南美洲西海岸，除了这个航班外还有别的选择。（见下文）	This flight is not the only option if you want to skip the South Pacific and the west coast of South America. (see below)
1994 年，阿塞拜疆的亚美尼亚族纳戈尔诺—卡拉巴赫地区向阿塞拜疆人发动了战争。	In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris.
在亚美尼亚的支持下，一个新共和国诞生了。然而，它没有得到任何国家（包括亚美尼亚）的正式承认。	With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it.
该地区的外交纷争，继续导致亚美尼亚和阿塞拜疆之间的关系恶化。	Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
运河区（荷兰语：Grachtengordel）是阿姆斯特丹宾嫩斯塔 (Binnenstad) 周围著名的 17 世纪老城区。	The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is the famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
由于独特的文化和历史价值，整个地区被联合国教科文组织列为世界遗产，该区的房产价值位居该国的最高之列。	The whole district is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its unique cultural and historical value, and its property values are among the highest of the country.
五渔村（Cinque Terre），原意为五块土地，由位于意大利利古里亚（Liguria）地区的五座沿海小村庄 Riomaggiore、Manarola、Corniglia、Vernazza 和 Monterosso 组成。	Cinque Terre, which means Five Lands, comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria.
它们被列入了联合国教科文组织世界遗产名录。	They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
几个世纪以来，人们在崎岖陡峭的地形上精心建造梯田，这些山坡一直延伸到俯瞰大海的悬崖峭壁。	Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the rugged, steep landscape right up to the cliffs that overlook the sea.
它的魅力部分在于没有明显的企业发展。村庄靠道路、火车和船只连接起来，开车无法从外面到达这些村庄。	Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development. Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside.
比利时和瑞士使用的法语语种与法国使用的法语尽管非常相似，可以互通，但还是稍有不同。	The varieties of French which are spoken in Belgium and Switzerland differ slightly from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible.
具体说来，比利时和瑞士讲的法语在数字系统上有一些细微的特殊性，与法国讲的法语不同，一些单词的发音也略有不同。	In particular, the numbering system in French-speaking Belgium and Switzerland has some slight peculiarities that are different from the French spoken in France, and the pronunciation of some words is slightly different.
不过，所有说法语的比利时人和瑞士人都会在学校里学习标准法语，所以即使您使用标准的法国度量系统，他们也能听得懂。	Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would be able to understand you even if you used the standard French numbering system.
在世界上许多地方，挥手是一种友好的表示，意思是“你好”。	In many parts of the world, waving is a friendly gesture, indicating "hello."
但是，在马来西亚，至少在农村地区的马来人中，这个手势类似于在某些西方国家用食指朝自己身体摆动，表示“过来”，并且这个手势仅用来表示这个意思。	However, in Malaysia, at least among the Malays in rural areas, it means "come over," similar to the index finger bent toward the body, a gesture which is used in certain Western countries, and should be used only for that purpose.
同样，挥手告别时，如果掌心向着挥手者自己（而不是向着要挥别的人），身处西班牙的英国游客可能会误以为这是请人回来的手势。	Similarly, a British traveller in Spain may mistake a wave goodbye involving the palm facing the waver (rather than the person being waved at) as a gesture to come back.
辅助语言是为了便于语言不相通的人群交流而创造的人工语言或构造语言。	Auxiliary languages are artificial or constructed languages created with the intent of facilitating communication between peoples who would otherwise have difficulty communicating.
他们不同于通用语。通用语是一种自然的或逐步形成的语言，由于各种原因成为其他语言使用者之间交流的主要手段。	They are separate from lingua francas, which are natural or organic languages that become dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages.
在白天最热的时候，旅行者们可以体验到由水（或其他东西）所形成的错觉——海市蜃楼。	In the heat of the day, travelers can experience mirages that give the illusion of water (or other things).
旅行者追逐海市蜃楼会十分危险，因为会浪费宝贵的精力和剩余的水。	These can be dangerous if the traveler pursue the mirage, wasting precious energy and remaining water.
即使是最炎热的沙漠，夜间也会变得极其寒冷。如果没有保暖的衣服，低体温症是真实存在的风险。	Even the hottest of deserts can become extremely cold at night. Hypothermia is a real risk without warm clothing.
尤其在夏天，如果你决定徒步穿越雨林，就需要小心蚊子。	In summer, especially, you'll need to watch out for mosquitoes if you decide to hike through the rainforest.
如果您正在开车穿越亚热带雨林，在您进入车内时车门敞开的几秒钟时间里，也足以让蚊子与您一起钻进车里。	Even if you're driving through the subtropical rainforest, a few seconds with the doors open while you get inside the vehicle is enough time for mosquitoes to get in the vehicle with you.
禽流感，或更正式地称之为 “家禽流行性感冒”，既能感染鸟类，又能感染哺乳动物。	Bird flu, or more formally avian influenza, can infect both birds and mammals.
据报道，人类感染禽流感的病例不到 一千例，但其中有一些病例是致命的。	Fewer than a thousand cases have ever been reported in humans, but some of them have been fatal.
大多数病例出自与家禽打交道的人群，但观鸟者也有一定风险。	Most have involved people who work with poultry, but there is also some risk to birdwatchers.
挪威的典型地貌，是陡峭的峡湾和山谷突然变成了高大的、多多少少无甚起伏的高原。	Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau.
这些高原通常被称为 “vidde”，意思是广阔的、开放的、没有树木的空间，是一片浩瀚无垠的区域。	These plateaus are often referred to as "vidde" meaning a wide, open treeless space, a boundless expanse.
在罗加兰和阿格德，它们被俗称为“hei”，意思是没有树木的荒野，通常长满石南。	In Rogaland and Agder they are usually called "hei" meaning a treeless moorland often covered in heather.
冰川并不是稳定的，而会从山上流下来。这会导致出现裂缝和冰裂隙，而这些裂隙可能会被雪桥掩盖。	The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges.
冰洞的墙壁和屋顶可能会坍塌，裂缝可能会闭合。	The walls and roofs of ice caves can collapse and cracks can get closed.
在冰川的边缘，巨大的冰块会松动、掉落，也许还会跳到或滚到离边缘更远的地方。	At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll farther from the edge.
山中避暑之地的旅游旺季通常是在印度的夏季。	The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer.
然而，冬天却另有一番不同的美景和魅力，许多山中避暑之地的雪量恰到好处。这些地方会提供活动项目，例如滑雪和滑板滑雪。	However, they have a different kind of beauty and charm during winter, with many hill stations receiving healthy amounts of snow and offering activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
只有少数几家航空公司扔提供丧亲票价，这比为赶赴葬礼的临时出行稍微便宜一些。	Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of last-minute funeral travel.
提供此类票价的航空公司包括加拿大航空公司、达美航空公司、德国汉莎航空公司（从美国或加拿大起飞的航班）以及西捷航空公司。	Airlines that offer these include Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Lufthansa for flights originating from the U.S. or Canada, and WestJet.
无论情况如何，你都必须直接打电话向航空公司订票。	In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline.
他补充道：“我们现在有 4 个月大没有糖尿病的老鼠，但它们曾经得过该病。”	"We now have 4-month-old mice that are non-diabetic that used to be diabetic," he added.
埃胡德·乌尔博士（新斯科舍省哈利法克斯市达尔豪西大学医学教授，加拿大糖尿病协会临床与科学部门教授）提醒，这项研究仍处在早期阶段。	Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association cautioned that the research is still in its early days.
和其他一些专家一样，他对糖尿病能否治愈持怀疑态度。他指出，这些发现与已患有 1 型糖尿病的人无关。	Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
周一，瑞典学院诺贝尔文学委员会常务秘书萨拉·丹尼尔斯在瑞典广播电台的一档节目中向公众宣布，委员会因无法直接联系到鲍勃·迪伦，通知他获得了 2016 年诺贝尔文学奖，已经放弃了与他联系的尝试。	On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden the committee, unable to reach Bob Dylan directly about winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had abandoned its efforts to reach him.
达尼厄斯说道：“目前我们保持按兵不动。我给他关系最好的合作者打过电话并发送了电子邮件，而且收到了对方非常友好的回复。就目前而言，这足够了。”	Danius said, "Right now we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies. For now, that is certainly enough."
此前，铃声 (Ring) 公司 CEO 杰米·西米诺夫曾表示，公司成立之初，他在位于车库的工作室里是听不到门铃响声的。	Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, remarked the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from his shop in his garage.
他称，他制作了一个 WiFi 门铃。	He built a WiFi door bell, he said.
西米诺夫说，2013 年他在《创智赢家》节目中露面后，公司的销售额大增，当时节目组拒绝向这家初创公司投资。	Siminoff said sales boosted after his 2013 appearance in a Shark Tank episode where the show panel declined funding the startup.
2017 年年末，西米诺夫出现在 QVC 电视销售频道。	In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC.
铃声 (Ring) 公司还与竞争对手 ADT 安保公司在一起官司中达成了庭外和解。	Ring also settled a lawsuit with competing security company, the ADT Corporation.
虽然有一种实验性疫苗看似能够降低埃博拉病毒的死亡率，但迄今为止，还没明确证明任何药物适合治疗现有的感染。	While one experimental vaccine appears able to reduce Ebola mortality, up until now, no drugs have been clearly demonstrated suitable for treating existing infection.
一种名为 ZMapp 的“抗体鸡尾酒”（多抗体联合）最初有望在该领域发挥作用，但正式研究表明，它在预防死亡方面的效果有些不尽人意。	One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicated it had less benefit than sought in preventing death.
在 PALM 实验中，ZMapp 用作参照。也就是科学家将其作为基线，把其他三种治疗方法与之作比较。	In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it.
美国体操协会对美国奥委会的信函表示支持，并接受奥运会大家庭的严格要求，即为所有运动员营造一个安全的训练环境。	USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
我们同意美国奥委会的声明，与其吊销执照，不如在我们组织内部继续推进有意义的变革，可能更有利于维护运动员和俱乐部的利益及其运动。	We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, may be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than decertification.
根据美国体操协会支持的一项独立调查，我们也许能够得知，幸存者勇敢曝光的、拉里·纳萨尔的大规模性侵行为，为什么在这么长时间内都没有被发现。此外，协会还表示会做出必要和适当的整改。	USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shine light on how abuse of the proportion described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long and embraces any necessary and appropriate changes.
美国体操协会和美国奥委会有一个共同的目标，那就是尽可能保证体操运动和其他运动的安全性，让运动员在安全、积极和充满支持的环境中追求他们的梦想。	USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — making the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive and empowered environment.
20 世纪 60 年代，布热津斯基先是为约翰·福特·肯尼迪效力，担任他的顾问，后来又为林登·贝恩斯·约翰逊政府工作。	Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
在 1976 年总统选举期间，他为卡特提供了对外政策方面的建议，随后在 1977 到 1981 年接替亨利·基辛格担任国家安全顾问 (NSA) 。	During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
身为国家安全顾问，他曾协助卡特处理诸多国际事务，例如 1978 年签署《戴维营协议》；在20 世纪 70 年代末实现美中关系正常化；1979 年导致伊朗人质危机的伊朗革命；1979 年苏联入侵阿富汗。	As NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalizing US–China relations thought the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan, 1979.
这部由瑞恩·高斯林 (Ryan Gosling) 和艾玛·斯通 (Emma Stone) 主演的电影获得了各大奖项的提名。	The movie, featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories.
高斯林和斯通分别获得了最佳男主角和最佳女主角的提名。	Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
其他提名包括最佳影片、最佳导演、最佳摄影、最佳服装设计、最佳电影剪辑、最佳原创配乐、最佳艺术指导、最佳音效剪辑、最佳混音和最佳原创剧本。	The other nominations include Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay.
该电影的两首歌曲《追梦痴子心》和《星光之城》获得了最佳原创歌曲的提名。狮门影业获得了 26 项提名，比其他任何一家工作室都要多。	Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
周日晚些时候，美国总统唐纳德·特朗普通过新闻秘书发表声明，宣布美军将撤离叙利亚。	Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria.
特朗普与土耳其总统雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安（Recep Tayyip Erdoğan）通话后发表了声明。	The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
该声明称，土耳其还将接管对被捕的伊斯兰国武装分子的看守任务；欧洲国家拒绝将他们遣送回国。	Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate.
这不仅证实了至少有些恐龙有羽毛——这一理论已经广为流传——而且还提供了化石通常无法提供的细节，比如颜色和三维排列。	This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widespread, but provides details fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
科学家表示，这种动物的羽毛顶部为栗棕色，底部为浅色或胡萝卜色。	. Scientists say this animal's plumage was chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
这一发现也有助于深入了解鸟类羽毛的进化。	The find also grants insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
恐龙的羽毛并没有发育良好的主干——这称为“羽轴”，但还是有羽毛的其他特征，比如羽枝和羽小枝，研究人员推断羽轴的进化可能比这些其他特征晚。	Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers inferred the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development that these other features.
羽毛的结构表明它们不是用来飞行的，而是用来调节温度或炫耀的。研究人员认为，尽管这是一只年轻恐龙的尾巴，但样本显示的是成熟的羽衣，而不是幼崽的羽毛。	The feathers' structure suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
研究人员认为，尽管这是一只年轻恐龙的尾巴，但样本显示的是成年羽毛，而非雏龙的绒毛。	The researchers suggested that, even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not a chick's down.
昨日上午，土耳其加齐安泰普（Gaziantep）的警察总部发生了一起汽车炸弹爆炸事件，该事件导致两名警察死亡，20 余人受伤。	A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
州长办公室表示，伤者中有十九人是警察。	The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
警方说他们怀疑一名疑似伊斯兰国 (ISIL) 的武装分子发动了这场袭击。	Police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant of responsibility for the attack.
他们发现，太阳和其他恒星的运行原理是一样的：星系中所有恒星的活跃度都完全决定于它们的光度和自转。	They found the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
一颗恒星的罗斯贝数由其光度和旋度共同决定，与等离子体流有关。	The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
罗斯贝数越小，恒星在磁场倒转方面就越不活跃。	The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star with respect to magnetic reversals.
在旅途中，岩崎在很多场合碰到了麻烦。	During his trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble on many occasions.
他曾被海盗抢劫，在西藏被疯狗袭击，在尼泊尔逃婚，还曾在印度被捕。	He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
802.11n 标准在 2.4Ghz 和 5.0Ghz 频率上都可运行。	The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
它能向后兼容 802.11a、802.11b 和 802.11g，前提是基站要有双无线电。	This will allow it to be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radios.
802.11n 的速度大大快于前代技术，最大理论吞吐量可达 600Mbit/s。	The speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than that of its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
杜瓦尔已婚，有两个已经成年的孩子，他并没有给故事的讲述者米勒留下太大印象。	Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not leave a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related.
当被要求发表看法时，米勒说：“迈克在听证会上说了很多……我当时正在做准备，所以没听清他在说什么。”	When asked for comment, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
“到 2020 年之前，我们将努力使单位国内生产总值二氧化碳排放量比 2005 年显著下降，”胡锦涛说。	"We will endeavour to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level," Hu said.
他没有设定削减数额，只是表示将根据中国的经济产出来决定数额。	He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output.
胡锦涛鼓励发展中国家“不要重走先污染后治理的老路”。	Hu encouraged developing countries "to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later."
他补充道，“然而，他们不应该被要求承担超出其发展阶段、责任和能力范围的义务。”	He added that "they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their development stage, responsibility and capabilities."
伊拉克研究小组于格林尼治时间 (GMT) 今天 12 点提交了报告。	The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
报告警告称，没有人能保证目前在伊拉克采取的任何行动能够阻止宗派战争、不断增长的暴力或走向混乱。	It warns No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence, or a slide toward chaos.
该报告开篇呼吁美国就中东政策展开公开辩论并形成共识。	The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
该报告对行政当局目前对伊拉克政策的几乎每一个方面都提出了严厉批评，并敦促立即改变方向。	The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
在这份报告的 78 项建议中，第一条建议是在今年年底之前采取新的外交行动，目的在于保护伊拉克的边界免受敌对势力的侵害，并与邻国重建外交关系。	First among its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
现任参议员、阿根廷第一夫人克里斯蒂娜·费尔南德斯·德·柯克纳 (Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner) 昨晚在距离布宜诺斯艾利斯 50 公里（31英里）的拉普拉塔市 (La Plata) 宣布了其总统竞选资格。	Current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
基什内尔女士在阿根廷大剧院宣布她有意参加总统竞选，2005 年也是在这里，她作为布宜诺斯艾利斯省代表开始竞选参议员。	Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to start her 2005 campaign for the Senate as member of the Buenos Aires province delegation.
这场辩论是因为对卡特里娜飓风后的救济和重建支出有争议而开始的；一些财政保守派幽默地将其称为“布什的新（奥尔良）政”。	The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
自由派人士对重建工作的批判主要集中在把重建合同授予了视为华盛顿内部人士的这一做法。	Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders.
有 400 多万人前往罗马参加葬礼。	Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral.
对于在圣彼得广场举行的葬礼，出席者太多了，因此不可能每个人都能进入。	The number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everybody to gain access to the funeral in St. Peter's Square.
罗马各地安装了数个大型电视屏幕，供人们观看仪式。	Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to let the people watch the ceremony.
在意大利很多其他城市以及世界上其他地方，尤其是波兰，都设置了类似的设施，以供大量群众观看。	In many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, similar setups were made, which were viewed by a great number of people.
历史学家批判了联邦调查局的过往政策，这种政策会把资源集中到容易破获的案件上，尤以偷车案件居多，目的只在于提高该机构的成功破案率。	Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases which are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of boosting the agency's success rate.
国会从 2005 财年开始资助该扫黄倡议，并规定联邦调查局 (FBI) 必须指派 10 名探员专门打击成人色情。	Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
罗宾·乌萨帕 (Robin Uthappa) 取得了本局的最高分，投出了 11 个四分球和 2 个六分球，仅投出 41 个球便赢得 70 分。	Robin Uthappa made the innings highest score, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
中局击球手萨钦·坦杜尔卡和拉胡尔·德拉维德表现出色，搭档取得了 100 跑的成绩。	Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership.
但在队长输掉三柱门后，印度在结束这一局的比赛时只得了 36 分，输掉 7 个三柱门。	But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
美国总统乔治·沃克·布什于 11 月 16 日上午抵达新加坡，开始为期一周的亚洲之行。	U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
他受到了新加坡副总理黄根成的欢迎，并与新加坡总理李显龙探讨了贸易和恐怖主义问题。	He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with the Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
在经过一周的中期选举失利后，布什向听众讲述了亚洲贸易扩张的形势。	After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about the expansion of trade in Asia.
周二，总理斯蒂芬·哈珀（ Stephen Harper ）在其办公室与新民主党党魁杰克·林顿（ Jack Layton ）举行 25 分钟的会议后，已经同意将政府的《清洁空气法》送交一个多党委员会审查，然后再进行二读。	Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after Tuesday's 25 minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
“莱顿 (Layton) 在与首相会面期间要求修改保守党的环境法案，他要求‘彻底重写’保守党的环境法案。”	Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a "thorough and complete rewriting" of the Conservative party's environmental bill.
自从联邦政府介入接管塔斯马尼亚州德文波特的默西医院的资金后，州政府和一些联邦议员批评此举是 11 月联邦大选前的噱头。	Ever since the Federal Government stepped in to take over funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this act as a stunt in the prelude to the federal election to be called by November.
但澳大利亚总理约翰•霍华德 (John Howard) 表示，该法案只是为了通过额外拨付 4500 万澳元来防止医院设施被塔斯马尼亚政府降级。	But Prime Minister John Howard has said the act was only to safeguard the facilities of the hospital from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, in giving an extra AUD$45 million.
最新公报显示，海平面的读数表明已经发生过海啸。帕果帕果和纽埃岛附近确切记录了海啸活动的发生。	According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated a tsunami was generated. There was some definite tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
汤加 (Tonga) 没有重大损失或人员伤亡报告，但电力暂时中断。据报道，停电让汤加当局无法收到太平洋海啸警报中心 (PTWC) 发出的海啸警报。	No major damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC.
尽管警报已解除，坐落于夏威夷海岸线或附近的 14 所学校在整个周三都关闭了。	Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near coastlines were closed all of Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
美国总统乔治·沃克·布什对这一公告表示支持。	U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
"布什政府发言人戈登·约翰德罗 (Gordon Johndroe) 称朝鲜的承诺是"朝着实现朝鲜半岛可核查的无核化目标迈出的重要一步"。"	Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge "a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."
亚热带风暴杰瑞 (Jerry) 今天在大西洋形成，这是大西洋飓风季节中第十个被命名的风暴。	The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
国家飓风中心 (NHC) 表示，目前“杰瑞”对陆地没有威胁。	The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this point Jerry poses no threat to land.
美国陆军工兵部队估计，6 英寸的降雨量就可能冲垮之前损坏的堤坝。	The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rainfall could breach the previously damaged levees.
“卡特里娜”飓风来袭时，第九区洪水水位一度高达 20 英尺，由于附近的防洪堤已经被淹没，目前水位已达齐腰深度。	The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in waist-high water as the nearby levee was overtopped.
在一处 100 英尺宽的河段，水即将溢出堤坝。	Water is spilling over the levee in a section 100 feet wide.
共享资源管理员亚当·库尔登 (Adam Cuerden) 上个月在接受维基新闻 (Wikinews) 采访时表达了他对删除相关内容的不满。	Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to Wikinews last month.
“说穿了，他[威尔斯]从一开始就对我们撒谎。首先，他表现得好像是出于法律原因才这么做。其次，他先是假装听取我们的意见，然后直接删除了这些艺术作品。”	"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. First, by acting as if this was for legal reasons. Second, by pretending he was listening to us, right up to his art deletion."
由于民愤，目前正在针对该网站的性内容起草相关政策。该网站拥有数百万个获得公共传播许可的媒体。	The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media.
完成的工作大多是理论性的，但编写程序的目的，是为了模拟对人马座星系的观测。	The work done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
该团队正在寻找的效应可能是由星系暗物质和银河系暗物质之间的潮汐力引起的。	The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
就像月球对地球施加拉力，引起潮汐一样，银河系也对人马座星系施加着作用力。	Just like the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way exert a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
科学家们可以得出结论，暗物质对其他暗物质的影响方式与普通物质相同。	The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affect other dark matter in the same way regular matter does.
该理论认为，一个星系周围的大多数暗物质都处在星系周围的某种光环中，由许多小粒子组成。	This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is located around a galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made of lots of small particles.
电视报道显示，有白烟从工厂里冒出。	Television reports show white smoke coming from the plant.
当地政府警告核电站附近的居民，要待在室内，关掉空调，不要喝自来水。	Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the plant to stay indoors, turn off air-conditioners and not to drink tap water.
日本原子能机构表示，核电站检测出了放射性物质铯和碘。	According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine has been identified at the plant.
有关部门推测，这表明现场储存铀燃料的容器可能已经破裂，并且正在泄漏。	Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
托尼·莫尔博士在南非夸祖鲁-纳塔尔省发现了这种广泛耐药结核病 (XDR-TB)。	Dr. Tony Moll discovered the Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region KwaZulu-Natal.
他在一次采访中表示，这个新变种“非常令人不安和担忧，因为它的致死率非常高。”	In an interview, he said the new variant was "very highly troubling and alarming because of the very high fatality rate."
莫尔 (Moll) 博士认为，有些病人可能是在医院感染了病菌，而且至少有两名病人是医院的医护人员。	Some patients might have contracted the bug in the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and at least two were hospital health workers.
一年内，一个感染者可能会感染 10 至 15 名密切接触者。	In one year's time, an infected person may infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
然而，广泛耐药结核病在整个结核病患者群体中所占的比例似乎仍然很低；在南非，在任意特定时刻，总计 33 万人中只有 6000 人感染。	However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems to be low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any particular moment in South Africa.
这两颗都超过 1,000 磅的卫星以每小时 17,500 英里的速度飞行，在距离地球 491 英里的上空相撞。	The satellites, both of which weighed in excess of 1,000 pounds, and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the Earth.
科学家表示，这次碰撞引起的爆炸规模巨大。	Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
他们仍在努力确定这次撞击的规模以及对地球的影响。	They are still trying to determine just how large the crash was and how the Earth will be affected.
美国国防部战略司令部正在追踪残骸。	The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is tracking the debris.
绘图分析的结果将发布在公网上。	The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
俄亥俄州当局表示，因星期三于一名医生的汽车后备箱中发现其母尸体，这位在宾夕法尼亚州匹兹堡儿童医院工作的医生将面临情节严重的谋杀罪指控。	A doctor who worked at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say.
29 岁的 Malar Balasubramanian 医生在俄亥俄州辛辛那提市以北约 15 英里的郊区布鲁艾施被发现，她被找到时身穿 T 恤衫和内裤，躺在路边的地上，看上去服用了大量药物。	Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently heavily medicated state.
她向军官们指示往她的黑色奥兹莫比尔“激情”轿车查看，这辆车停在 500 英尺远的地方。	She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
在那里，他们发现了 53 岁的萨罗贾·巴拉苏布拉曼尼亚的尸体，盖着血迹斑斑的毯子。	There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered with blood-stained blankets.
警方说，尸体看上去在那里放了一天左右。	Police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
7 月下旬报告了本季节的第一批病例。	The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July.
猪携带该疾病，然后通过蚊子传染给人类。	The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrates to humans through mosquitos.
这场疫情促使印度政府采取一些措施，比如在严重感染地区放置捕猪器、派发数千个蚊帐并喷洒杀虫剂。	The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake such measures as deployment of pig catchers in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito curtains and spraying pesticides.
政府还承诺提供数百万剂脑炎疫苗，这将有助于医疗机构为明年做好准备。	Several million vials of encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
由于缺乏资金，且与其他疾病相比优先级较低，今年向历史上疫情最严重的地区提供疫苗的计划被推迟了。	Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funds and low prioritisation relative to other diseases.
1956 年，斯拉尼亚（Słania）搬到了瑞典。三年后他开始在瑞典邮局上班，成为首席邮票雕刻师。	In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver.
他曾为瑞典和其他 28 个国家/地区制作过 1000 多版邮票。	He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
他的作品极具辨识度，拥有高质量和丰富的细节，这也使得他成为了极少数在集邮人士中“家喻户晓”的人物之一。有些人专门收集他的作品。	His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few "household names" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work alone.
“他在 2000 年制作的第 1000 张邮票取材自大卫·克洛克·埃伦斯特拉尔的名画《瑞典国王的伟大功绩》，并因此入选《吉尼斯世界纪录大全》。”	His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
他还参与了许多国家的纸币雕版制作，近期作品包括加拿大新版 5 元和 100 元纸币正面的总理肖像。	He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
事故发生后，吉布森被送往医院，但很快就一命呜呼。	After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died shortly afterwards.
这位 64 岁的卡车司机在车祸中没有受伤。	The truck driver, who is aged 64, was not injured in the crash.
当天，格林尼治时间 (GMT) 约 12 时许，该车辆被拖离事故现场。	The vehicle itself was taken away from the scene of the accident at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day.
一名在事故发生地附近的车库立的工作人员说：“孩子们正等着过马路，并且都在大声尖叫，哭个不停。”	A person working in a garage near where the accident occurred said: "There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."
他们都从事故发生的地方跑了回来。	They all ran back from where the accident had happened.
巴厘岛会议议程中的其他议题还包括拯救世界上现存的森林，分享技术以帮助发展中国家以污染较少的方式发展。	Other subjects on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less-polluting ways.
联合国还希望最终成立一项基金，帮助有关国家应对全球变暖的影响。	The U.N. also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the impacts.
这些资金可以用于建造防洪房屋、改善水资源管理以及促进农作物多样化。	The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification.
福禄克写道，一些人试图压制女性对女性健康问题的呼声，但天不遂人愿。	Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to drown out women from speaking out about women’s health were unsuccessful.
她之所以得出这个结论，是因为有许多男女个人发给她积极评价和鼓励，竭力主张将避孕药视为医疗必需品。	She came to this conclusion due to the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both female and male individuals urging that contraception medication be considered a medical necessity.
伤员被送往医院后，打斗平息下来，剩下的约 40 名囚犯留在院子里，拒绝回牢房。	When the fighting ceased after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining inmates stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
谈判人员试图扭转局面，但囚犯的要求并不明确。	Negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
山区夏令时晚上 10 点到 11 点之间，院子里的犯人们引发了一场火灾。	Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the inmates in the yard.
很快，配备了防暴装备的警察进入了院子，并用催泪瓦斯把囚犯逼得走投无路。	Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas.
消防救援人员最终在晚上 11 点 35 分扑灭了大火。	Fire rescue crews eventually doused the fire by 11:35 pm.
1963 年大坝建成后，季节性洪水被控制住了，沉积物不再冲散到河流里。	After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment throughout the river were halted.
这种沉积物是形成沙洲和海滩的必要条件，而沙洲和海滩是野生动物的栖息地。	This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats.
结果，两种鱼类灭绝，另外两种鱼类濒临灭绝，其中包括弓背鲑。	As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub.
虽然在洪水过后，水位只会上升几英尺，但官员们希望这足以恢复下游被侵蚀的沙洲。	Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials are hoping it will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream.
目前还没有发布海啸预警。根据雅加达地质局的说法，由于此次地震没有达到 6.5 级，因此不会发布海啸预警。	No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the quake did not meet the magnitude 6.5 requirement.
尽管那里没有海啸的威胁，当地居民却感到坐立不安，纷纷结束生意及离开家园。	Despite there being no tsunami threat, residents started to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes.
尽管 Winfrey 在告别时热泪盈眶，但她向粉丝们明确表示，她还会回来。	Although Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans she will be back.
“这并不是告别。这是一个篇章的结束，也是新篇章的开始。”	"This is not going to be goodbye. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one."
纳米比亚（Namibian）总统和议会选举的最后结果表明，现任总统希菲克普耶·波汉巴（Hifikepunye Pohamba）以巨大的优势再次当选。	Final results from Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been reelected by a large margin.
执政党西南非洲人民组织 (SWAPO) 也在议会选举中保持了多数席位。	The ruling party, South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
联军和阿富汗部队进入该地区保护阵地，其他联军飞机也被派往支援。	Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
坠机发生在高海拔山区，据称是敌方火力所致。	The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
寻找坠机地点的任务遭遇了恶劣的天气和地形。	Efforts to search for the crash site are being met by bad weather and harsh terrain.
医疗慈善机构 Mangola、无国界医生组织和世界卫生组织表示，这是该国有史以来最严重的疫情。	The medical charity Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say it is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
无国界医生组织的发言人理查德·维尔曼 (Richard Veerman) 说：“安哥拉正面临有史以来最严重的疫情，当地的局势仍然非常糟糕。”	Spokesman for Medecines Sans Frontiere Richard Veerman said: "Angola is heading for its worst ever outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola," he said.
比赛于上午 10 点开始。天气很好，上午有毛毛雨，很快就放晴了。这样的天气对七人制橄榄球来说十分完美。	The games kicked off at 10:00am with great weather and apart from mid morning drizzle which quickly cleared up, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
锦标赛头号种子南非队开局不错，他们以 26 - 00 轻松战胜了 5 号种子赞比亚队。	Tournament top seeds South Africa started on the right note when they had a comfortable 26 - 00 win against 5th seeded Zambia.
在与南方姐妹队的比赛中，南非队看起来明显有点生疏，但随着比赛的进行，南非队的表现稳步改进。	Looking decidedly rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa however steadily improved as the tournament progressed.
他们因其严格防守、控球技术和出色的团队合作脱颖而出。很显然，这是一支无往不胜的球队。	Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent team work made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
阿姆斯特丹市政府和安妮·弗兰克博物馆 (Anne Frank Museum) 的官员表示，这棵树感染了一种真菌，并会对公众健康造成威胁，因为据称它随时都有倒下的危险。	Officials for the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard as they argue that it was in imminent danger of falling over.
按照原计划，它将在周二被砍倒，但在法庭紧急裁决后幸免遇难。	It had been scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling.
所有的洞穴入口（这些洞被称为”七姊妹“）直径至少为 100 至 250 米（328 至 820 英尺）。	All of the cave entrances, which were named "The Seven Sisters", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
红外图像显示，昼夜温度的变化表示这些地方很可能是洞穴。	Infrared images show that the temperature variations from night and day show that they are likely caves.
“比周围的表面相比，它们白天更凉，晚上更暖。	"They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night.
“它们的热行为不像地球上的大型洞穴那么稳定，这些大型洞穴通常会保持相当恒定的温度，但它们与地下深穴的情况很相似，”亚利桑那州旗杆镇美国地质调查局 (USGS) 太空地质团队和北亚利桑那大学的格伦·库欣说道。	Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
在法国，传统上投票是一种没什么技术含量的体验：选民进到一个小隔间里，把一张预先印好的、表明了所选候选人的纸片装入信封中。	In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope.
官员核实投票者的身份后，投票者将信封投入投票箱，并在投票册上签名。	After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
法国选举法为选举程序制订了相当严格的法规。	French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
自 1988 年以来，投票箱就必须是透明的，这样选民和观察员才能看到投票开始时箱内没有信封，还能看到除了那些及时统计过、有权投票的选民以外，没有其他人向箱内投入信封。	Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
候选人可以派代表现场察看选举过程的每一个环节。晚上，志愿者在严密监督之下按照特定程序计票。	Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures.
早先于全球发布的华硕 Eee PC 个人笔记本，因成本节约及功能性因素，成为 2007 年台北 IT 资讯月备受瞩目的话题。	ASUS Eee PC, earlier launched world-wide for cost-saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic in 2007 Taipei IT Month.
但在华硕获得台湾行政院颁发的 2007 年台湾永续发展奖后，笔记本电脑的消费市场将发生根本性的变化。	But the consumer market on laptop computer will be radically varied and changed after ASUS was awarded in the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
”根据该电台的网站描述，这档节目是一档“带有全新震撼极客风格的老式广播剧！”	The station's web site describes the show as "old school radio theater with a new and outrageous geeky spin!"
早年，该节目仅在运营已久的互联网广播网站TogiNet Radio上播出，TogiNet Radio是一个专注于谈话广播的网站。	In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio.
2015 年年末， TogiNet 创建了 AstroNet 广播作为子电台。	In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station.
该节目最初由业余配音演员参演，范围从当地人到东德克萨斯州人。	The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas.
据报道，由于执法人员不在场，比什凯克街道上的大规模抢劫持续了一夜。	Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets.
一名观察者形容比什凯克（Bishkek）正在陷入“无政府“ 状态，成群的人们在街上游荡，掠夺商店里的消费品。	Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of "anarchy" by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and plundered stores of consumer goods.
几个比什凯克居民将这种违法状态归咎于来自南方的抗议者。	Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness.
在南非勒斯滕堡（Rustenburg）皇家巴福肯体育场举行的英式橄榄球联盟三国赛中，南非队击败了全黑队（新西兰）。	South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
最后结果是一分险胜，比分为 21 比 20，结束了全黑队连胜 15 场的局面。	The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak.
跳羚队以五连败收官。	For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak.
全黑队在两周前已经赢得了奖杯，而这场比赛是他们打的最后一场。	It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
该系列赛的最后一场比赛将于下周在约翰内斯堡 (Johannesburg) 的埃利斯公园举行，届时斯普林博克斯 (Springboks) 将迎战澳大利亚队。	The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia.
周一晚 10：08，蒙大拿州西部发生中强地震。	A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
美国地质调查局 (USGS) 及美国国家地震信息中心目前还没有收到有关地震破坏的即时报告。	No immediate reports of damage have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
这次地震的震中位于狄龙（Dillon）东北偏北 20 公里（15英里），比尤特（Butte）以南 65 公里处（40英里）。	The earthquake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
周一，法国东部里昂附近的沼泽内发现了一只死野鸭。经证实，这只野鸭感染了对人类致命的 H5N1 型禽流感病毒。	The strain of bird flu lethal to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in the east of France.
在奥地利、德国、斯洛文尼亚、保加利亚、希腊和意大利之后，法国是第七个深受这种病毒之苦的欧盟国家。	France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
克罗地亚和丹麦的 H5N1 疑似病例仍未确诊。	Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
钱伯斯曾起诉上帝，称其应对“地球上数十亿居民中到处可见的死亡、破坏和恐怖”负责。	Chambers had sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth's inhabitants."
钱伯斯是个不可知论者，他认为自己的诉讼是“随意的”，“任何人都可以起诉任何人”。	Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and "anybody can sue anybody."
卡米尔·圣桑 (Camille Saint-Saens) 创作的法国歌剧讲述的是一名艺术家的故事，“他一生沉迷于毒品和对日本的热爱”。	The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist "whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan."
结果，演员在舞台上吸食大麻，剧院本身也鼓励观众一起加入。	As a result, the performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself is encouraging the audience to join in.
前众议院议长纽特·金里奇、德克萨斯州州长里克·佩里和女国会议员米歇尔·巴赫曼最终分别名列第四、第五和第六。	Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
结果出来后，金里奇连连称赞桑托勒姆，但对罗姆尼做出严厉批评。以后者的名义，在爱荷华州放送对金里奇不利的竞选广告。	After the results came in, Gingrich lauded Santorum, but had tough words for Romney, on whose behalf negative campaign advertisements were aired in Iowa against Gingrich.
佩里表示，他会“返回得克萨斯，评估今晚党团会议的结果，明确自己在这次较量中是否有胜算的余地”。但后来他又表示会继续参加竞选，并参加于 1 月 21 日在南卡罗莱纳州举行的初选。	Perry stated that he would "return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race", but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in the January 21 South Carolina primary.
八月曾在埃姆斯模拟民意调查中胜出的巴赫曼决定退出竞选。	Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
这名摄影师被送往加州大学洛杉矶分校罗纳德·里根医疗中心，其后不治。	The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died.
报道称他年仅 20 多岁。比伯发表声明表示：“虽然我当时并不在场，也没有直接经历这起悲惨事故，但我仍为死者家属感到悲伤，为他们祈祷。”	He was reportedly aged in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said "[w]hile I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim."
娱乐新闻网站TMZ了解到，该名摄影师在Sepulveda大道的另一侧停车，开始拍摄警察的拦截，并在横穿马路后继续拍照，促使进行交通拦截的加州公路巡警两次停下手中工作，命令他回到对面。	Entertainment news website TMZ understands the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol police officer conducting the traffic stop to order him back across, twice.
据警方称，撞倒摄影师的汽车司机未必会面临刑事指控。	According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges.
由于一天只颁发十八块奖牌，许多国家的运动员未能登上领奖台。	With only eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make the medal podium.
与奖牌无缘的运动员包括荷兰的安娜·乔彻姆森，她在昨天的女子站姿超级大回转比赛中获得第九名，芬兰的卡特娅·萨里宁则在同一比赛中获得第十名。	They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
澳大利亚选手米切尔·古尔力获得男子站姿超级大回转比赛第十一名。捷克选手奥德里奇·耶利内克获得男子坐姿超级大回转比赛第十六名。	Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G.
墨西哥选手拉利·委拉斯开兹在男子坐姿超级大回转比赛中获得第 15 名的成绩。新西兰选手亚当·霍尔在男子站姿超级大回转比赛中获得第 9 名的成绩。	Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
波兰男子视障滑雪选手马切吉·克雷泽尔（Maciej Krezel ）和向导安娜·奥加津斯卡（Anna Ogarzynska）在超级大回转比赛中获得第十三名，韩国选手朴钟硕（Jong Seork Park）在男子坐式超级大回转比赛中获得第二十四名。	Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
联合国维和人员在 2010 年地震后抵达海地，他们因疫情蔓延而受到指责。疫情是从部队营地附近开始扩散的。	UN peacekeepers, whom arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease which started near the troop's encampment.
诉讼材料显示，联合国营地未能对废弃物进行适当的消毒处理，因而导致细菌进入阿蒂博尼特河的支流，这是海地最大河流之一。	According to the lawsuit, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, causing bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest.
在军队到来之前，海地自 19 世纪初以来从未遇到过与该疾病有关的问题。	Prior to the arrival of troops, Haiti had not encountered problems related to the disease since the 1800s.
海地正义与民主研究所 (Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy) 引用的独立研究表明，是尼泊尔的联合国维和部队在不知情的情况下将这种疾病带到了海地。	The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referenced independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti.
研究该疾病的联合国专家丹妮尔·拉塔涅 (Danielle Lantagne) 表示，疫情爆发很可能是由维和人员引起的。	Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, stated the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeepers.
汉密尔顿（Hamilton）确认，霍华德大学医院收治的病人情况稳定。	Hamilton confirmed Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
这名患者曾去过尼日利亚，当地曾出现数宗埃博拉病毒的病例。	The patient had been to Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred.
医院遵循了感染控制规定，包括把患者与他人隔离，以防感染到其他人。	The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others.
在出演《辛普森一家》前，西蒙曾在几个节目中担任过多种职位。	Before The Simpsons Simon had worked on several shows in various positions.
20 世纪 80 年代，他在《出租车》、《欢呼》以及《特蕾西·厄尔曼秀》等节目工作。	During the 1980s he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
1989 年，他与布鲁克斯和格罗宁一起创作了《辛普森一家》，并负责聘请了该剧的首支编剧团队。	In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing team.
尽管他在 1993 年离开了节目，但他保留了执行制片人的头衔，并持续获得每季数千万美元的版税。	Despite leaving the show in 1993 he kept the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every season in royalties.
早些时候，中国通讯社新华社报道了一架飞机已被劫持的新闻。	Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
随后的报道称，这架飞机受到炸弹威胁，被迫返回阿富汗，降落在坎大哈。	Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
早些时候的报道称，这架飞机被拒绝在乌鲁木齐紧急降落后，已返回阿富汗。	The early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
空难在伊朗是司空见惯的事，这个国家的民用和军用飞机都已经老化，缺少维护。	Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained both for civil and military operations.
在国际制裁下，伊朗无法购买新的飞机。	International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
本周早些时候，一架警用直升机坠毁，事件造成 3 人死亡，3 人受伤。	Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and wounded three more.
上个月，伊朗一架飞往亚美尼亚的客机坠毁，机上 168 人遇难，这是伊朗多年来最惨烈的一起空难。	Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when an airliner heading to Armenia crashed, killing the 168 on board.
同一个月，又有一架客机冲出马什哈德的跑道，撞上一堵墙，造成 17 人死亡。	The same month saw another airliner overrun a runway at Mashhad and strike a wall, killing seventeen.
空中铁匠乐队已经取消了他们巡回演唱会的剩余场次。	Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
这支摇滚乐队原定在美国和加拿大巡演，一直持续到 9 月 16 日。	The rock band was due to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
主唱史蒂芬·泰勒在 8 月 5 日的演出中从舞台跌落受伤，随后乐队取消了这次巡演。	They have cancelled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after he fell off stage while performing on August 5.
双方都保住了各自的每个发球局，之后穆雷在抢七局中输掉了第一盘。	Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men held each and every serve in the set.
德尔·波特罗（Del Potro）在第二盘刚开局时就占上风，但在比分达到 6-6 后就得进行抢七大战。	Del Potro had the early advantage in the second set, but this too required a tie break after reaching 6-6.
此时波特罗接受了肩膀治疗，但仍坚持继续比赛。	Potro received treatment to his shoulder at this point but managed to return to the game.
节目于当地时间晚上 8:30 (15.00 UTC) 开始。	The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC).
全国各地的著名歌手都唱祈祷歌献给 Shri Shyam。	Famous singers across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet.
当晚由歌手桑朱·沙玛（Sanju Sharma）开场演出，随后是贾伊·尚卡尔·乔杜里 （Jai Shankar Choudhary）出场。也演唱了 chhappan bhog 祈祷歌。歌手拉朱·坎戴尔瓦尔（Raju Khandelwal） 同他一起进行了表演。	Singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him.
然后，拉卡·辛格带头唱了拜赞歌。	Then, Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans.
108 碟珍馐奉纳（Chhappan Bhog）（在印度教中，Chhappan Bhog 指供奉神灵的56 种不同食物，其中包括糖果、水果、坚果、菜品等物）供奉给 Baba Shyam。	108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, like, sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. which are offered to deity) were served to Baba Shyam.
拉卡·辛格 (Lakkha Singh) 还介绍了 chhappan bhog bhajan。歌手 Raju Khandelwal 陪同他身边。	Lakkha Singh presented the chhappan bhog bhajan as well. Singer, Raju Khandelwal was accompanying him.
在周四的东京电玩展上，任天堂总裁岩田聪发表主题演讲，公布了公司新一代任天堂 Revolution 游戏主机控制器的设计。	At Thursday's keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console.
该控制器类似于电视遥控器，使用放置在用户电视机附近的两个传感器来对其在三维空间中的位置进行三角测量。	Resembling a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
它让玩家可以通过在空中移动设备来控制电子游戏中的运动和操作。	This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
詹卡洛·费斯切拉因失去了对赛车的把控，在比赛开始后不久就退出了。	Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very soon after the start.
他的队友费尔南多·阿隆索（Fernando Alonso）在比赛中的绝大多数时间里都处于领先地位，但却在进站后就退出了比赛，大概是因为其右前轮实在塞得厉害。	His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it right after his pit-stop, probably because a badly tucked right front wheel.
迈克尔·舒马赫在阿隆索退赛后不久也退出了比赛，因为在比赛的多次竞逐中，悬架受到了损伤。	Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, because of the suspension damage in the numerous battles during the race.
根据新闻发布会的记录文字，他曾说过：”她很可爱，唱得也很好。”	"She’s very cute and sings quite well, too," he said according to a transcript of the news conference.
“每次我们排练这场表演的时候，我都很感动，打心眼里感动。”	"I was moved every time we did a rehearsal on this, from the bottom of my heart."
发射大约 3 分钟后，箭载摄像机显示大量绝缘泡沫碎片从燃料箱脱落。	Around 3 minutes into the launch, an on-board camera showed numerous pieces of insulation foam break away from the fuel tank.
然而，这些泡沫被认为并没有对航天飞机造成任何损坏。	However, they are not thought to have caused any damage to the shuttle.
美国宇航局的航天飞机项目负责人 N. Wayne Hale Jr. 表示，泡沫是“经受住了我们担心的时长之后”才掉落的。	NASA's shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam had fallen "after the time we are concerned about."
表演开始五分钟后，刮起了风，约一分钟后，风速达到了 70 公里/小时……紧接着又下起了雨，雨势如此之大，像针扎一样拍打在皮肤上，随后天上下起了冰雹，惊慌失措的人群尖叫着四散奔逃。	Five minutes into the display a wind starts rolling in, about a minute later, the wind is reaching 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so hard and so large that it slaps your skin like a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicking and screaming and running over each other.
“我姐姐和她的朋友不见了，路上有两个残疾人坐着轮椅，有人跳过去帮他们推轮椅”，阿尔芒·范思哲说道。	I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over and pushing them," Armand Versace said.
日本广播协会 (NHK) 还报道说，位于新泻县的柏崎刈羽 (Kashiwazaki Kariwa) 核电站运行正常。	NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture was operating normally.
北陆电力株式会社报道称，志贺核能发电厂 1 号和 2 号反应堆已经关闭，地震并未造成影响。	Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and that the Number 1 and 2 reactors at its Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
据报道，该地区约有 9400 户家庭断水，大约 100 户断电。	It is reported that some 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 without electricity.
一些道路受到了损坏，受影响地区的铁路服务中断，石川（Ishikawa）县的能登机场仍然处于关闭状态。	Some roads have been damaged, railway service interrupted in the affected areas, and the Noto Airport in Ishikawa prefecture remains closed.
一枚炸弹在总督办公室外爆炸。	One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
两小时内，政府大楼附近又发生了三起炸弹爆炸事件。	Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
一些报道称官方宣布的死亡人数为 8 人，而据官方报道证实，有多达 30 人受伤；但是最终的数字尚未确定。	Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
在食用受污染宠物食品后死亡的宠物的尿样中，均发现了氰尿酸和三聚氰胺。	Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
该大学的研究人员表示，这两种化合物相互作用形成的晶体可能会造成肾脏功能障碍。	The two compounds react with one another to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the university said.
研究人员观察到，在添加三聚氰胺和三聚氰尿酸后，猫的尿液中形成了结晶。	The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
通过红外光谱 (FTIR) 进行比较后发现，这些结晶的成分与在受影响宠物的尿液中发现的结晶成分吻合。	The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected pets when compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
我不知道你有没有意识到，从中美洲进口到这个国家的大部分货物都是免关税的。	I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty-free.
然而，我们百分之八十的商品在中美洲国家被征收关税。……我们对待你。	Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you.
我觉得这毫无道理；显然不公平。	That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
我对人们说的是：我们怎么对待你，你就怎么对待我们。	All I say to people is you treat us the way we treat you.
加利福尼亚州长阿诺德·施瓦辛格签署了一项法案，禁止向未成年人出售或出租暴力电子游戏。	California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
该法案规定在加州销售的暴力电子游戏必须贴上“18”的标签，销售商每违法销售给未成年人一次就会被处以 1000 美元的罚款。	The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal reading "18" and makes their sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense.
总检察长兼王室法律顾问凯尔·斯塔莫 (Kier Starmer) 今天上午发表声明，宣布对胡纳和普莱斯提起公诉。	The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
胡纳已经辞职，他在内阁中的位置将由国会议员埃德·戴维 (Ed Davey) 接替。预计国会议员诺曼·兰姆 (Norman Lamb) 将接替戴维空出的商务部长一职。	Huhne has resigned and he will be replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the Business Minister job Davey is vacating.
胡纳和普赖斯将于 2 月 16 日在威斯敏斯特治安法院出庭。	Huhne and Pryce are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
遇难者分别是 25 岁的尼古拉斯·奥尔登 (Nicholas Alden) 和 21 岁的扎卡里·卡德巴克 (Zachary Cuddeback)。当时驾车的是卡德巴克。	The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback had been the driver.
埃德加·贝吉利亚 (Edgar Veguilla) 的手臂和下巴受伤，而克里斯托弗· 施耐德 (Kristoffer Schneider) 则需要做脸部重建手术。	Edgar Veguilla received arm and jaw wounds while Kristoffer Schneider was left requiring reconstructive surgery for his face.
乌卡 (Uka) 的武器在指着第五个人的头时失灵了。施耐德（Schneider）疼痛不已，一只眼睛失明，一块头骨缺失，利用钛板才重塑了脸部。	Uka's weapon failed whilst pointed at a fifth man's head. Schneider has ongoing pain, blindness in one eye, a missing section of skull and a face rebuilt from titanium.
施耐德 (Schneider) 在其祖国的美国空军 (USAF) 基地通过视频连线进行作证。	Schneider testified via videolink from a USAF base in his homeland.
除了周三的比赛，卡帕内多（Carpanedo）还参加了锦标赛的两项个人竞赛。	Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships.
她的第一个项目是障碍滑雪，并在第一回合以“未完成”的成绩结束比赛。该比赛 116 名参赛者中有 36 人取得了相同的成绩。	Her first was the Slalom, where she earned a Did Not Finish in her first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
她的另一项比赛是大回转，在女子站姿组中以 4:41.30 分钟的总成绩名列第十，比排名第一的奥地利选手克劳迪娅·罗什慢了 2:11.60 分钟，比排名第九的匈牙利选手巩基·达尼慢了 1:09.02 分钟。	Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined run time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first place finisher Austrian Claudia Loesch and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
女子坐式组的四名滑雪选手未能完赛，大回转项目（Giant Slalom）的 117 名选手中有 45 人未能挤进榜单。	Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race.
中央邦警方追回了被盗的笔记本电脑和手机。	The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
副总警监埃利亚（D K Arya）称：“我们逮捕了 5 名强奸这位瑞士妇女的人，并找到了她的手机和笔记本电脑。”	Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile and laptop".
被告的姓名分别是 Baba Kanjar、Bhutha Kanjar、Rampro Kanjar、Gaza Kanjar 和 Vishnu Kanjar。	The accused are named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
警察局长钱德拉·谢卡尔·索兰基说，被告人出庭时都蒙住了脸。	Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
虽然车撞到房子时，房子里面有三个人，但最后并没有人受伤。	Although three people were inside the house when the car impacted it, none of them were hurt.
然而，司机的头部受到了重创。	However, the driver sustained serious injuries to the head.
事故发生的道路暂时封闭，紧急救援人员将司机从红色奥迪 TT 中救了出来。	The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
起初，他被送往位于大雅茅斯的詹姆斯·佩吉特医院进行救治。	He was initially hospitalised in the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
他随后被转送到剑桥的阿登布鲁克医院。	He was subsequently relocated to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
此后，阿德克雅被控谋杀她的儿子，于爱丁堡治安法庭受审。	Adekoya has since been in Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged with murdering her son.
她被拘留，等待起诉和审判；但是任何目击者的证据都可能受到负面影响，因为她的形象已被广泛发布。	She is in custody pending indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence may be tainted because her image has been widely published.
这在英国的其他地方是常见做法，但苏格兰的司法制度有所不同，法院认为公布照片可能会造成潜在的危害。	This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but Scottish justice works differently and courts have viewed publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
邓迪大学（University of Dundee）的 Pamela Ferguson 教授指出：“记者如果公布嫌疑人的照片等信息的话，似乎确实存在危害性。”	Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes "journalists do seem to be walking a dangerous line if publishing photos etc of suspects."
起诉的主要负责部门皇家检控署向记者表示，至少在提起公诉之前将不会再发表进一步言论。	Crown Office, which is in overall charge of prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until indictment.
据透露，这份文件将提及边界争端，巴勒斯坦希望以1967年中东战争前的边界为基础。	The document, according to the leak, will refer to the borders dispute, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War.
据报道，讨论的其他议题包括对两国来说都神圣的耶路撒冷的未来状态和约旦河谷问题。	Other topics covered reportedly include the future state of Jerusalem which is sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue.
以色列要求协议签订后，在山谷中部署十年的军事力量，而巴勒斯坦民族权力机构只同意保留五年。	Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such presence only for five years.
护林员会密切监督参加虫害防治补充试验的射手，因为试验会受到监测，并会评估其效果。	Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated.
在国家公园野生动物管理局（NPWS）和澳大利亚射击运动员协会（NSW）的合作中，射击运动员协会为狩猎计划招募了合格的志愿者。	In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
澳大利亚新州国家公园和野生动物服务中心（NPWS）保护和遗产管理处代理主任米克·奥弗林（Mick O’flynn）表示：选中参与第一次射击行动的四名枪手均已接受全面的安全及培训指导。	According to Mick O'Flynn, the Acting Director Park Conservation and Heritage with the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instruction.
昨天，马尔泰利在由 9 名成员组成的新临时选举委员会 (CEP)中宣誓就职。	Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
这是马特利 (Martelly) 四年来第五次入选海地临时选举委员会 (CEP)。	It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
上个月，总统委员会建议前任 CEP 辞职，这是推动国家走向新选举措施的一部分。	Last month a presidential commission recommended the prior CEP's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
该委员会是马尔泰利 (Martelly) 对始于 10 月份的大规模反政府抗议活动做出的回应。	The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October.
自 2011 年以来，由于一些选举未能如期举行而引发了这些抗议活动，有时抗议还会升级为暴力事件。	The sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections, some due since 2011.
据报道，大约有 60 起 iPod 发生故障、机身过热的情况，共造成 6 起火灾，4 人轻微烧伤。	Around 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
日本经济产业省 (METI) 表示，他们已经注意到有 27 起事故与该设备有关。	Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the devices.
上周，日本经济产业省 (METI) 宣布，苹果公司向该部门通报另外 34 起过热造成的事故，尽管该公司称这些事故“并不严重”。	Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company called "non-serious."
经济产业省回应称，苹果推迟发布报告“非常令人遗憾”。	The ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report "truly regrettable."
马里亚纳群岛于当地时间早上 7 点 19 分（格林尼治时间周五晚上 9 点 19 分）发生地震。	The eathquake struck Mariana at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m. GMT Friday).
北马里亚纳应急管理办公室表示，据报告国内没有造成灾害损失。	The Northern Marianas emergency management office said that there were no damages reported in the nation.
而且太平洋海啸预警中心（Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center）也表示并未发现海啸迹象。	Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there was no Tsunami indication.
菲律宾一名前警察在首都马尼拉劫持旅游大巴，将车上的香港游客作为人质。	A former Filipino policeman has kept Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
罗兰多·门多萨 (Rolando Mendoza) 架起他的 M16 步枪对游客扫射。	Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
多名人质获救，目前至少有六名人质确认遇难。	Several hostages have been rescued and least six have been confirmed dead so far.
六名人质（包括儿童和老人在内）以及那些菲律宾摄影师被提前释放。	Six hostages, including the children and elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers.
两位摄影师其后顶替一位需要上洗手间的老妇。门多萨则被击毙。	The photographers later took the place of an aged lady as she needed the lavatory. Mendoza was gunned down.
利金斯 (Liggins) 追随父亲的脚步，开始了从医生涯。	Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and entered a career in medicine.
他接受过产科医生培训，从 1959 年开始在奥克兰国家妇女医院工作。	He trained as an obstetrician and began to work at the Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
利金斯 (Liggins) 在医院工作时，开始在业余时间研究早产。	While he was working at the hospital Liggins began to investigate premature labor during his spare time.
他的研究表明，施用激素可加速宝宝胎肺的成熟。	His research showed that if a hormone was administered it would speed up the baby's foetal lung maturation.
新华社报道称，政府调查人员周三发现了两个“黑匣子”飞行记录仪。	Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black box' flight recorders on Wednesday.
其他摔跤选手也纷纷悼念露娜 (Luna) 。	Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
汤米·追梦儿说：“露娜是首位至尊女王，我的第一任经理人。露娜在双月之夜去世。这样的夜晚就像她本人一样特别。她是个坚强的女人。”	Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Pretty unique just like her. Strong woman."
达斯汀·鲁内尔斯（Dustin Runnels，外号“金沙”）评论说：“卢娜和我一样难以捉摸……她可能要更难摸透……我爱她，也会想她……希望她去到了更好的地方。”	Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna was as freaky as me...maybe even more...love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place."
在 2010 年联邦大选之前曾对 1,400 名受访者做过调查，受访者中反对澳大利亚成为共和国的人数自 2008 年以来增长了 8%。	Out of 1,400 people polled prior to the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 per cent since 2008.
看守总理朱莉娅·吉拉德在2010年联邦大选竞选期间称，她认为在女王伊丽莎白二世退位后，澳大利亚应该成为共和国。	Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the campaign of the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
34% 的受访者一致表示，希望英国女王伊丽莎白二世成为澳大利亚的最后一任君主。	34 per cent of those in the poll share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch.
投票存在两极分化的情况，29% 的受访者认为澳大利亚应该尽快成立共和国，31% 的人则认为澳大利亚永远不应该成立共和国。	At the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believe Australia should never become a republic.
这位奥运会金牌得主本应参加 100 米和 200 米自由泳和英联邦运动会的三项接力赛，但由于他的抱怨，他的健康状况一直受到质疑。	The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his fitness has been in doubt.
他一直无法用药物来缓解疼痛，因为比赛禁止参赛者服用这些药物。	He has been unable to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they are banned from the Games.
中央密苏里大学 (University of Central Missouri) 的数学家、计算机科学教授柯蒂斯·库珀 (Curtis Cooper) 于 1 月 25 日发现了迄今为止最大的已知素数。	Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25.
二月初，几个人用不同的硬件和软件验证了这一发现，并在周二宣布。	Several people verified the discovery using different hardware and software by the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday.
彗星可能是地球上的水和有机物的来源，这些有机物可以形成蛋白质并维持生命的存续。	Comets may possibly have been a source of water delivery to the earth along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
科学家希望了解自从彗星很久以前与地球相撞以来，行星是如何形成的，尤其是地球的形成方式。	Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets collided with the Earth long ago.
现年 53 岁的库莫（Cuomo）从今年年初开始担任州长，并于上个月签署了一项将同性婚姻合法化的法案。	Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
他把谣言称为“政治碎碎念和愚蠢行为”。	He referred to the rumors as "political chatter and silliness".
据推测，他将在 2016 年参加总统竞选。	He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
美国联邦航空局 (FAA) 称，新一代航空运输系统 (NextGen) 可以使飞机缩短飞行航线，每年节省数百万加仑的燃料，并减少碳排放。	NextGen is a system the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and cut carbon emissions.
它使用卫星技术，而不是老旧的地面雷达技术，使空中交通管制员能够更精确地定位飞机，并向飞行员提供更准确的信息。	It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
没有增设额外的交通工具，地上火车在温布利 (Wembley) 也不停站，地上也没有停车场和停车换乘设施。	No extra transport is being put on and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride facilities are unavailable at the ground.
由于担心缺乏交通工具，比赛可能会被迫在没有球队支持者的情况下闭门进行。	Fears of lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to play behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
周四，一份发表于《科学》杂志的研究报告称，一种新的鸟类在厄瓜多尔加拉帕戈斯群岛形成。	A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorean Galápagos Islands.
来自美国普林斯顿大学和瑞典乌普萨拉大学的研究人员报告称，由于当地特有的达尔文雀中的勇地雀和外来的仙人掌大嘴地雀之间的繁殖，这个新物种只进化了两代，尽管人们认为这一过程需要更长的时间。	Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported the new species evolved in just two generations, though this process had been believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
黄金可以加工成各种形状。可以卷曲成微小的形状。	Gold may be worked into all sorts of shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes.
它可以拉成细丝，用于缠绕和编结。也可以捶打或碾成片状。	It can be pulled into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets.
它可以做得很薄，粘在其他金属上，由于达到如此之薄，有时可以用于装饰被称为“彩饰手抄本”的书本里的手绘图画。	It can be made very thin, and stuck onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called "illuminated manuscripts".
这被称为化学物质的 pH 值。你可以使用红甘蓝汁制作指示剂。	This is called a chemical's pH. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
卷心菜汁的颜色将根据化学物质的酸碱性发生变化。	The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
pH 值以被测化学品中的氢（pH 中的 H）离子数量表示。	The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical.
氢离子是失去了电子的质子（因为氢原子由一个质子和一个电子组成）。	Hydrogen ions are protons that had their electrons stripped off them (since Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
搅动两种干粉使其混合，然后用干净的湿手把它们揉成一个球。	Swirl the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, squeeze them into a ball.
你手上的水分会与外层发生反应，这样会形成一层类似外壳的东西，感觉十分有趣。	The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a sort of shell.
哈拉帕 (Harappa) 和摩亨佐-达罗 (Mohenjo-daro) 这两个城市几乎每家每户都有抽水马桶，这些马桶与精密的污水处理系统相连。	The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system.
在希腊克里特岛和圣托里尼米诺斯城市的房屋中发现了污水系统的遗迹。	Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
古埃及、波斯和中国也有厕所。在罗马文明中，厕所有时是男女混合的公共浴室的一部分。	There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bath houses where men and women were together in mixed company.
你给远在千里之外的人打电话，就会用到卫星。	When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite.
太空中的卫星接到电话后，几乎是立刻将其反射回去。	The satellite in space gets the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly.
卫星是由火箭发射到太空的。科学家在太空中使用望远镜是因为地球的大气层让某些光线和视野产生扭曲。	The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth’s atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
要把卫星或望远镜送入太空，需要一枚超过 100 英尺高的巨型火箭。	It takes a giant rocket over a 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope in space.
车轮以不可思议的方式改变了世界。车轮对我们最大的贡献，是让我们的交通更加便捷。	The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing that the wheel has done for us is given us much easier and faster transportation.
有了它，我们才有了火车、汽车和许多其他交通工具。	It has brought us the train, the car, and many other transportation devices.
它们的下方是更多中等大小的猫科动物，它们吃的是中等大小的猎物，从兔子、羚羊到鹿都会吃。	Under them are more medium sized cats that eat medium sized prey ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
最终，有许多小型的猫科动物（包括散养的宠物猫），以昆虫、啮齿动物、蜥蜴和鸟类等数量多得多的小型猎物为食。	Finally, there are many small cats (including loose pet cats) that eat the far more numerous small prey like insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
它们成功的秘诀是利基概念，每只猫都负责一项特殊的工作，防止它们与其他猫竞争。	The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job each cat holds that keeps it from competing with others.
狮子是群居属性最明显的猫科动物，生活在称为狮群的大型群体中。	Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
狮群由一到三只有亲属关系的成年雄性，以及可多达三十只的雌性和幼崽组成。	Prides are made up of one to three related adult males, along with as many as thirty females and cubs.
作为大家庭里的姐妹和女儿，雌性之间通常彼此关系密切。	The females are usually closely related to each other, being a large family of sisters and daughters.
狮群的行为与狼群或狗群非常类似。这些动物与狮子的行为惊人地相似（但与其他大型猫科动物不同），而且这些行为对它们的猎物来说也是非常致命的。	Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
老虎是全能运动员，它会攀爬（虽然攀爬能力不是很强）、游泳、跳远，拉力能达到人类大力士的五倍。	A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human.
老虎与狮、豹和美洲虎属于同一类型（豹属）。这四种大猫是仅有的会吼叫的猫科动物。	The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar.
老虎的咆哮不像狮子的咆哮那样深沉，而更像一句生气嘶吼的话语。	The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words.
豹猫喜欢吃小动物。如果条件允许，他们会捕捉猴子、蛇、啮齿动物和鸟类。豹猫的猎物几乎都比自身要小得多。	Ocelots like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
科学家认为，美洲豹猫是通过气味和嗅探猎物在地面上的踪迹来跟踪和寻找要捕食的动物的。	Scientists think that ocelots follow and find animals to eat (prey) by smell, sniffing for where they've been on the ground.
它们的夜视能力很强，能在黑暗中看得很清楚，而且行动也很隐秘。豹猫的捕食方式是先融入周围环境，然后猛扑向猎物。	They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
当一小群生物（一个小种群）与它们本来的主要种群分离时（比如它们跨过山脉和河流，或者它们到了一个新的岛屿以至于不可能轻易回去)，它们通常会发现自己所处的环境与之前不同。	When a small group of living things (a small population) gets separated from the main population that they came from (like if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that they can't easily move back) they will often find themselves in a different environment than they were in before.
这个新的环境有不同的资源和不同的竞争对手，所以新的种群将需要不同的特征或适应能力来成为一个强有力的竞争对手，而不是它们之前所需要的那些。	This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what they had needed before.
原来的种群根本没有改变，它们仍需要和以前一样适应环境。	The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
随着时间的推移，新的种群开始适应新的环境，它们开始变得与其他种群越来越不相似了。	Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they start to look less and less like the other population.
在历经数千甚至数百万年以后，这两个种群最终看上去会截然不同，以致于不能将两者称作同一物种。	Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they can't be called the same species.
我们把这个过程称为“物种形成”，也就是新物种的形成。物种形成是进化的必然结果，也是进化中极为重要的一环。	We call this process speciation, which just means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
植物能制造人类吸入的氧气，吸收人类呼出的二氧化碳。	Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out).
植物通过光合作用从阳光中获取养分。它们还能提供荫凉。	Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
我们用植物做房子，用植物做衣服。我们吃的大部分食物都是植物。没有植物，动物就不能生存。	We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive.
沧龙是那个时代的顶级掠食者，除了同类它什么都不怕。	Mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs.
它的长下颚上布满了 70 多颗剃刀般锋利的牙齿，上颚上还有一排。这意味着任何与它相遇的东西都无路可逃。	Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path.
它的舌头有可能是分叉的，对此我们尚不确定。它的食物包括海龟、大型鱼类、其他沧龙，甚至会吃人。	We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
它会攻击任何进入水中的东西；即使像霸王龙之类的巨型恐龙也不是它的对手。	It also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur such as T. rex would be no match for it.
尽管罗马人的大部分食物是我们所常见的，但他们确实有一些奇怪或不寻常的宴会菜肴，包括野猪、孔雀、蜗牛和一种叫做榛睡鼠的啮齿动物	While most of their food would be familiar to us, Romans did have their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse
另一个不同之处在于，穷人和女人坐在椅子上吃饭，富人则喜欢聚在一起举行宴会，侧卧着吃饭。	Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they would lounge on their sides while they ate their meals.
几个世纪后从美洲或亚洲传入欧洲的食物不可能出现在古罗马人的饮食当中。	Ancient Roman meals couldn't have included foods that came to Europe from America or from Asia in later centuries.
例如，他们没有玉米、西红柿、土豆和可可，也没有哪个古罗马人吃过火鸡。	For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey.
巴比伦人为他们每位神祇都建造了一座主殿，将其视为该神居所。	The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
人们会把祭品献给神，牧师会通过仪式和节庆来满足神的需要。	People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
每所神殿都有一处对外开放的庭院，以及一处只有祭司才能进入的内殿。	Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter.
有些特殊的塔呈金字塔形状，被称为金字形神塔，是作为庙宇的一部分而建造的。	Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples.
塔顶是上帝的特殊圣地。	The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god.
在中东温暖的气候中，房子并不是多重要。	In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
希伯来家庭的生活大多是在户外度过的。	Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened in the open air.
女人们在院子里做饭；商店其实就是面向街道的开放柜台。他们用石头来建造房屋。	Women did the cooking in the yard; stores were just open counters looking into the street. Stone was used for building houses.
迦南没有大森林，所以木材非常昂贵。	There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
格陵兰岛人烟稀少。据北欧史诗萨迦记载，红胡子埃里克因犯谋杀罪被逐出冰岛，他向西航行，发现陆地，于是将其命名为格陵兰岛。	Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland.
但不管他有没有发现，爱斯基摩人当时已经在那里生活了。	But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time.
虽然均隶属于“斯堪的纳维亚”，但丹麦、瑞典、挪威和冰岛的民众、国王、习俗和历史之间存在着许多差异。	Though each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
如果你看过电影《国家宝藏》，你可能会以为《独立宣言》背面会画着一份藏宝图。	If you have watched the movie National Treasure, you may think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
然而事实并非如此。虽然这份文件的背面写了一些东西，但并是不一份藏宝图。	However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
《独立宣言》背面写着“Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776（《独立宣言》原件，1776 年 7 月 4 日）”的字样。文字写在文件底部，是倒过来的。	Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words "Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776". The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down.
虽然没有人能确定作者是谁，但这个大型羊皮纸文档（尺寸为 29¾ 英寸乘以 24½ 英寸）据称在刚写成的时候是卷起来存放的。	While no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known that early in its life, the large parchment document (it measures 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage.
因此，很可能这个符号只是作为一个标签添加的。	So, it is likely that the notation was added simply as a label.
诺曼底登陆和随后的战斗解放了法国北部，但南部仍然没有解放。	The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free.
它由“维希”法国人统治。这些法国人在 1940 年与德国人达成了和平协议，不反抗侵略者，而是和他们合作。	It was ruled by the "Vichy" French. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them.
1940 年 8 月 15 日，盟军攻入法国南部，这次进攻被称为“龙骑兵行动”。	On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon".
仅仅两个星期，美国和自由法国的军队就解放了法国南部，并转向德国。	In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
文明是一种由共同生活、合作工作的人群（社会）所共享的单一文化。	A civilization is a singular culture shared by a significant large group of people who live and work co-operatively, a society.
“文明”一词来自拉丁语“civilis”（意为“公民的”），与拉丁语"civis"（意为“公民”）及"civitas"（意为“城市”或“城邦”）都有关，这也以某种方式定义了社会的规模。	The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that also somehow defines the size of the society.
城邦是民族的前身。文明型文化意味着知识的代代相传，文化的足迹萦绕留存，还有文化能够公平地传播。	City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilizational culture implies the passing on of knowledge across several generations, a lingering cultural footprint and fair dissemination.
少数民族文化常常没有留下相关的历史证据就消失无踪，而且不被当做是像样的文明。	Minor cultures often vanish without leaving relevant historic evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
在独立战争期间，十三个州最初根据《联邦条例》组成了弱小的中央政府（国会是其唯一的组成部分）。	During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the Congress being its only component—under the Articles of Confederation.
国会没有征税的权力，而且因为没有国家行政部门或司法部门，国会只能依赖州政府执行所有法案，而州政府又经常不配合。	Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and, because there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its acts.
它也没有权力推翻各州之间的税法和关税。	It also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states.
这些条款必须得到所有州的一致同意才能进行修改，而各州对待中央政府的态度十分轻慢，以至于其州立代表经常缺席。	The Articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended and states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
意大利国家足球队和德国国家足球队都是世界上第二成功的球队，在 2006 年拿下了足球世界杯冠军。	Italy's national football, along with German national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup champions in 2006.
流行的运动项目包括足球、篮球、排球、水球、击剑、橄榄球、自行车、冰球、轮滑曲棍球和一级方程式赛车。	Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing.
冬季运动在北部地区最受欢迎，意大利人会在那里参加国际比赛和奥运会比赛。	Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events.
日本拥有近 7000 个岛屿（最大的是本州岛），这让日本成为了世界第七大岛国！	Japans holds nearly 7,000 islands (the biggest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world!
由于日本的岛屿群众多，日本从地质学角度上常被称为“列岛”	Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, on a geographical stance, as an "archipelago"
西方对台湾的了解可以追溯到 15 世纪。当时路过的欧洲水手将该岛命名为“福尔摩沙岛”(Ilha Formosa)，意思是美丽的岛屿。	Taiwan beginning start way back in 15th century where European sailors passing by record the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
1624 年，荷兰东印度公司在台湾地区西南部建立基地，开始改变原住民的粮食生产方式，并雇佣华工在其水稻和蔗糖种植园工作。	In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
1683 年，清朝（1644年 - 1912年）军队控制了台湾西部和北部沿海地区，1885 年，大清帝国宣布在台湾建省。	In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces take control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas and declared Taiwan as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
1895 年，在甲午战争 (1894-1895 年) 中战败后，清政府签署了《马关条约》，将台湾的主权割让给日本，日本统治台湾直至 1945 年。	In 1895, after defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, by which it cedes sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which rules the island until 1945.
马丘比丘古城由三座主要建筑物组成，分别是拴日石 (Intihuatana)、太阳神庙和三窗之屋。	Machu Picchu consist of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
为了让游客更好地了解建筑群的原貌，该建筑群边缘的大部分建筑都经过重建。	Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt in order to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
到 1976 年，马丘比丘的百分之三十得到修复，修复工作一直持续到今天。	By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today.
例如，世界上最常见的静态图像摄影格式是 35mm 格式，这是胶片电影时代末期占主导地位的电影尺寸。	For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era.
时至今日仍有生产，但更重要的是它的长宽比应用到了数码相机图像传感器的格式上。	It is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats.
35 毫米格式的实际尺寸是 36 毫米宽，24 毫米高，这样格式其实有点令人困惑。	The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm in width by 24mm in height.
因此，这种格式的宽高比（除以 12 得到最简单的整数比）便是 3:2。	The aspect ratio of this format (dividing by twelve to obtain the simplest whole-number ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
许多常见格式（例如 APS 格式系列）都与这个长宽比相同或相当接近。	Many common formats (APS family of formats, for example) are equal to or closely approximate this aspect ratio.
经常被滥用和嘲笑的三分法，在创造动态时不失为一种简单的指导方法，还能让图像保持有序。	The much-abused and often-ridiculed rule of thirds is a simple guideline creating dynamism while keeping a measure of order in an image.
它指出，对主体来说最有效的位置是将图像垂直和水平分为三部分的线的交叉点（见示例）。	It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
在欧洲历史上的这段时期，已然富有而强大起来的天主教会受到了密切监督。	During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny.
尽管欧洲各国语言和习俗各不相同，但一千多年来，基督教把它们联系在了一起。	For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs. I
从国王到平民，它遍布十方的力量影响着每一个人。	Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
基督教的主要信条之一是财富应该用来减轻痛苦和贫困，而教会的货币基金就是专门为此而设立的。	One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason.
教会中央集权制在罗马存在了一千多年，这种权力和金钱的集中让许多人开始质疑，他们是否遵守了这一信条。	The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
敌对行动爆发后不久，英国开始对德国实施海上封锁。	Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
他们切断了生死攸关的军事和民用物资供应。事实证明这一战略是有效的，尽管这样的封锁违反了在过去的两个世纪里，根据几项国际协定制定的已为大家普遍接受的国际法。	The strategy proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries.
英国在国际水域布雷，防止任何船只进入整片海域，甚至对中立国船只也构成威胁。	Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, causing danger to even neutral ships.
因为对这一战略的响应有限，德国期望其无限制潜艇战也能有类似的响应。	Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
在 20 世纪 20 年代，大多市民的主流态度是和平主义的、分离主义的。	During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations was that of pacifism and isolation.
目睹第一次世界大战中的肆虐残暴后，各国都渴望避免重蹈覆辙。	After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid such a situation again in the future.
1884 年，特斯拉搬到了美国，接受了纽约市爱迪生公司的一份工作。	In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job with the Edison Company in New York City.
他在抵达美国时，身上带着 4 美分、一本诗集，还有一封查尔斯•巴舍勒（Charles Batchelor）（他前份工作的经理）写给托马斯•爱迪生（Thomas Edison）的推荐信。	He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
中国古代的不同时期各有特点；中国的每个时期或每个执掌天下的家族都是一个特点鲜明的王朝。	Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China or each family that was in power was a distinctive dynasty.
同样，历朝历代更迭期间都是一段小国分立的不稳定时代。其中最有名的便是长达 60 年的三国时期，该时期处于汉晋两代的更迭之间。	Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces. The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
在这些动乱时期，各路诸侯为争夺王位而发生激烈战争。	During these periods fierce warfare took place between many nobles fighting for the throne.
三国是中国古代历史上最血腥的时代之一。成千上万的人为了争夺西安豪华宫殿最高的权力而死去。	The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in Ancient China’s history thousands of people died fighting to sit in the highest seat in the grand palace at Xi’an.
还有许多社会和政治影响，例如度量单位的使用、从专制到共和制的转变、民族主义、相信国家不属于唯一的统治者而是属于人民。	There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief the country belongs to the people not to one sole ruler.
此外，在革命之后，官职面向全体男性开放申请，这使得最有抱负、最成功之人有机会飞黄腾达。	Also after the Revolution occupations were open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
军队亦然，因为军衔的高低不再基于等级，而是基于才干。	Same goes for the military because instead of army rankings being based on class they were now based on cailaber.
法国大革命也鼓舞了许多其他国家被压迫的工人阶级，开始他们自己的革命。	The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed working class people of other country's to began their own revolutions.
穆罕默德对尘世生活之外的事十分感兴趣。他以前经常到“努尔”（光明）山上一个叫做”希拉“的山洞里去冥想。	Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this mundane life. He used to frequent a cave that became known as “Hira‘” on the Mountain of “Noor” (light) for contemplation.
该洞穴本身，不仅经受住时间考验而保留下来，还为穆罕默德的灵性意向带来极其生动的形象。	he cave itself, which survived the times, gives a very vivid image of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations.
该洞穴坐落在麦加 (Mecca) 北部的一座山顶上，与外界完全隔绝。	Resting on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
事实上，即使知道它的存在，也不容易找到。一旦进入洞穴，就完全与世隔绝了。	In fact, it is not easy to find at all even if one knew it existed. Once inside the cave, it is a total isolation.
除了清澈美丽的天空和周围的群山，什么也看不见。在洞穴中，几乎看不到也听不到外界的景象和声音。	Nothing can be seen other than the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave.
吉萨大金字塔是七大奇迹中唯一至今仍屹立不倒的建筑。	The Great Pyramid at Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that is still standing today.
大金字塔是埃及人在公元前三世纪的杰作，它是众多向已故法老表示敬意的大型金字塔的其中之一。	Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor dead Pharaoh.
埃及死亡之谷的吉萨（Giza）高原（即“吉萨金字塔群”）包括多个金字塔（其中大金字塔是最大的）、几个小坟墓，几个寺庙和大狮身人面像。	The Giza Plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx.
大金字塔是为纪念胡夫法老而建造的，并为纪念胡夫的妻子和家庭成员建造了多座较小的金字塔、坟墓和庙宇。	The great pyramid was created to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members.
“上弓”符号像字母 V，“下弓”符号像是钉书钉或是缺少了底边的正方形。	The "up bow" mark looks like a V and the "down bow mark" like a staple or a square missing its bottom side.
向上指的是从顶端开始推弓，向下指的是从弓根处（也就是手握弓的地方）开始拉弓。	Up means you should start at the tip and push the bow, and down means you should start at the frog (which is where your hand is holding the bow) and pull the bow.
上弓通常会发出更加柔和的声音，而下弓则会发出更强烈、更为坚定的声响。	An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive.
请随意用铅笔作上你自己的标记，但要记住，印出来的音符是具有音乐意义的，所以它们通常应该被尊重。	Feel free to pencil in your own marks, but remember the printed bowing marks are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected.
在 1789 年 10 月 6 日，受到惊吓的国王路易十六、王后玛丽·安托瓦内特和他们的两个孩子（11 岁的玛丽·特蕾莎和 4 岁的路易斯·查尔斯），以及国王的妹妹伊丽莎白夫人，被一群集市妇女从凡尔赛赶回了巴黎。	The terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette their two young children (11 year old Marie Therese and four year old Louis-Charles) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, on the 6th October 1789 were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women.
他们乘坐马车回到了巴黎，一群人包围了他们，大喊大叫地威胁国王和王后。	In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen.
暴民强迫国王和王后把马车的窗户完全打开。	The mob of people forced the King And Queen to have their carriage windows wide open.
当着吓坏了的女王的面，有一名暴徒一度挥动一颗皇家卫士的头颅，这名卫士是在凡尔赛宫被杀害的。	At one point a member of the mob waved the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified Queen.
美帝国主义在征服菲律宾时的战争开支是由菲律宾人民自己支付的。	The war expenditures of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves.
他们被迫向美国殖民政权纳税，用于支付大部分开支，以及通过华尔街银行以菲律宾政府名义发行的债券的利息。	They were compelled to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to defray a major part of the expenditures and the interest on bonds floated in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses.
当然，长期剥削菲律宾人民所获得的高额利润成为美帝国主义的基本收益。	Of course, the superprofits derived from the protracted exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic gains of U.S. imperialism.
要了解圣殿骑士，就必须了解促使圣殿骑士团成立的背景。	To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
事件发生的时代通常被称为欧洲史的中世纪盛时，即的 11、12 和 13世纪时期（公元 1000-1300 年）。	The age where the events took place is commonly referred as the High Middle Ages the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300).
中世纪盛期之前是中世纪早期，之后是中世纪晚期，约定俗成认为中世纪晚期大约在 1500 年前后结束。	The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500.
技术决定论是一个在实践中涵盖许多种思想的术语，包括技术推动论，技术必要论，以及一个严格的定义——人类命运是由与科学定律相关的背后逻辑及其在技术中的表现驱动的。	Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technology-push or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
大多数对技术决定论的解释都包括这两个总体思路：一是技术本身的发展在很大程度上超越了文化或政治影响，二是技术反过来会对社会产生不受社会条件制约的内在“影响”。	Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has "effects" on societies that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned.
例如，有人可能会说，汽车必然会促进道路的发展。	For example, one might say that the motor car necessarily leads to the development of roads.
然而，仅为少数汽车架设全国公路网，这在经济上并不可行，因此新的生产方式应运而生，以求降低汽车的拥有成本。	However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a handful of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
大众汽车保有量较高还会导致更高的道路交通事故发生率，而这将推动发明用于修复伤者伤处的全新医疗技术。	Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies.
浪漫主义具有很强的文化决定论色彩。这源于歌德、费希特和施莱格尔等作家。	Romanticism had a large element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
在浪漫主义的背景下，地理塑造了个体，随着时间的推移，与地理相关的习俗和文化出现了，这些习俗文化因为与社会所处的地方和谐相融，要比任意强加的法律好得多。	In the context of Romanticism, the geography molded individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography arose, and these, being in harmony with the place of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
正如巴黎被称为当代世界的时尚之都一样，君士坦丁堡被认为是欧洲封建时代的时尚之都。	In the manner that Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
它作为奢侈品中心的声誉始于公元 400 年左右，一直延续到公元 1100 年左右。	Its renown for being an epicenter of luxury began in about 400 A.D. and lasted up until about 1100 A.D.
它的地位在十二世纪下降，主要是因为十字军返回时带的礼物，如丝绸和香料等，比拜占庭市场提供的更有价值。	Its status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that Crusaders had returned bearing gifts such as silks and spices that were valued more than what Byzantine markets offered.
正是在这个时候，时尚之都的称号从君士坦丁堡转移到了巴黎。	It was at this time that the transfer of the title of Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris was made.
哥特式风格在 10 - 11 世纪到 14 世纪达到顶峰。	Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
起初，裙装深受东方拜占庭文化的影响。	At the beginning dress was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
然而，由于文化交流迟缓，西方的时尚可能落后 25 到 30 年。	However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 year.
随着中世纪走向末期，西欧人民逐渐发展出自己的风格。当时最大的进步之一就是十字军东征后，人们开始用纽扣来系衣服。	towards the end of the Middle Ages western Europe began to develop their own style. one of the biggest developments of the time as a result of the crusades people began to use buttons to fasten clothing.
自给农业，是为了生产仅能满足农业者及其家人所需的食物而进行的农业活动。	Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
自给农业是一种简单且通常是有机的系统，利用该生态区内保存的本地种子，与农作物轮作或其他相对简单的技术相结合，从而最大限度地提高产量。	Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
从历史上看，大部分农民从事的都是自给自足的农业生产。如今在很多发展中国家，情况依然如此。	Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
亚文化让志同道合的个人团结起来，这些人感到自己被社会标准所忽视，亚文化在他们之间培养出一种认同感。	Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal standards and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
鉴于成员的年龄、种族、阶级、位置以及/或性别差异，亚文化可能会各具特色。	Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
让亚文化变得与众不同的特质，可能是语言、美学、宗教、政治、性别、地理或多种因素的组合。	The qualities that determine a subculture as distinct may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
亚文化群体的成员，常常会象征性地利用独特的行事风格来表明他们的成员身份，包括时尚服装、举止和黑话。	Members of a subculture often signal their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, mannerisms, and argot.
要说明社会化的重要性，最常用的方法之一是利用少数不幸儿童的案例。这些儿童由于被忽视、遭遇不幸或遭到故意虐待，在成长过程中没有在成年人的帮助下实现社会化。	One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw upon the few unfortunate cases of children who were, through neglect, misfortune, or wilful abuse, not socialized by adults while they were growing up.
这样的孩子被称为“野孩”，意思是野孩子。 有些野孩子被人们（通常是他们自己的父母）所幽禁； 在某些情况下，孩子被遗弃是由于父母拒绝接受孩子有智力或身体上的严重缺陷。	Such children are called "feral" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical impairment.
野孩子在被抛弃或离家出走之前，可能经历过严重的儿童虐待或创伤。	Feral children may have experienced severe child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
据说，其他人是被动物养大的；有些人独自生活在野外。	Others are alleged to have been brought up by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
狼孩如果完全由非人类的动物抚养长大，其行为（在身体条件允许的范围内）会与该动物非常雷同，比如会对人类表现出恐惧或冷漠。	When completely brought up by non-human animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely like those of the particular care-animal, such as its fear of or indifference to humans.
虽然项目学习法应该使学习变得更容易、更有趣，但支架式学习法却更进一步。	While project based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step beyond.
支架式教学不是一种学习方法，而是一种辅助刚学习使用新电脑程序或启动新项目的人的手段。	Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather an aid that provides support to individuals whom are undergoing a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or beginning a new project.
支架式教学可以线上或线下进行，换句话说，老师是支架式教学的一种形式，就像 Microsoft Office 里的回形针小助手一样。	Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so is the little paperclip man in Microsoft Office.
虚拟支持内化在软件中，用来质疑、提示和解释那些可能对学生来说难以独自处理的程序。	Virtual Scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, prompt, and explain procedures that may have been to challenging for the student to handle alone.
孩子们因为各种原因被寄养，原因有被忽视、被虐待，甚至是被勒索。	Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons that range from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion.
任何孩子都不应该在一个没有教养、没有关爱、没有教育的环境中成长，但事与愿违。	No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
我们认为寄养系统对这些孩子来说是一个安全地带。	We perceive the Foster Care System to be a safety zone for these children.
我们的寄养系统应该提供安全的家、有爱心的看护者、稳定的教育和可靠的医疗。	Our foster care system is supposed to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care.
寄养体系应该提供一切其原生家庭所缺乏的必需品。	Foster care is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home they were previously taken from.
互联网结合了大众传播和人际传播的要素。	The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
互联网的鲜明特点使其在用途和满足方式方面增添了额外的维度。	The distinct characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the uses and gratifications approach.
例如，“学习”和“交际”被认为是使用互联网的重要动机（詹姆斯等，1995）。	For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
在研究受众对网站的反应时，艾麦和麦克德（1998 年）把“个人参与”和“持续的关系”也作为新的动机因素。	“Personal involvement” and “continuing relationships” were also identified as new motivation aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience reactions to websites.
录像的使用为阐释微表情（持续几毫秒的面部运动）带来了重大发现。	The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements which last a few milliseconds.
具体说来，据说可以通过正确解读微表情来判断一个人是否在撒谎。	In particular, it is claimed that one can detect whether a person is lying by interpreting micro-expressions correctly.
奥利弗·萨克斯 (Oliver Sacks) 在他的论文《总统的演讲》中指出，那些因为脑损伤而无法理解语言的人仍然能够准确地判断说话人是否有诚意。	Oliver Sacks, in his paper The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech because of brain damage are nevertheless able to assess sincerity accurately.
他甚至提出，这种理解人类行为的能力可能是家犬等动物共有的本领。	He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
二十世纪的研究表明，基因变异有两种库：显性和隐性。	Twentieth century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
突变会添加新的基因变异，而选择则会从表达的基因变异池中把变异移除。	Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
由于分离和重组，变异在每一代的两个库之间来回变动。	Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools with each generation.
在热带草原上，灵长类动物拥有类似人类的消化系统，现有的植物资源很难满足灵长类动物对氨基酸的需求。	Out on the savanna, it is hard for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino-acid requirements from available plant resources.
此外，如果做不到这一点将会带来严重的后果：生长抑制、营养不良，最终导致死亡。	Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
最容易获得的植物性资源应该是叶子和豆科植物中的蛋白质，但像我们这样的灵长类动物很难消化这种蛋白质，除非是煮熟的。	The most readily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins accessible in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
相比之下，动物性食物（蚂蚁、白蚁、蛋）不仅容易消化，而且能提供大量蛋白质，里面含有全部必需的氨基酸。	In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) not only are easily digestible, but they provide high-quantity proteins that contain all the essential amino acids.
综上所述，如果我们的祖先解决“蛋白质问题”的途径与如今热带草原上的黑猩猩所使用的方法无异，我们也不应该感到惊讶。	All things considered, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their "protein problem" in somewhat the same way that chimps on the savanna do today.
睡眠中断是指这样的过程：在正常睡眠期间有意地醒来，并且在短时间之后（10-60分钟）睡着。	Sleep interruption is the process of purposefully awakening during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a short time later (10–60 minutes).
这很容易做到，使用相对安静的闹钟，让你在不被完全吵醒的情况下苏醒。	This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you.
如果你发现自己会在睡觉时重置闹钟，可以将闹钟放到房间的另一边，逼迫自己下床去关闹钟。	If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
其他基于生物节律的选择包括睡前大量饮用液体（尤其是水或茶——众所周知有利尿作用），强迫自己起来小便。	Other biorhythm-based options involve drinking lots of fluid (particularly water or tea, a known diuretic) prior to sleep, forcing one to get up to urinate.
一个人内心平静的程度与身体和精神的紧张程度是相反的。	The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates oppositely to the amount of tension in one’s body and spirit.
压力越小，生命力就表现得越积极。每个人都有可能找到绝对的平静和满足。	The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
每个人都能达到开悟的境界，而实现它的唯一阻碍是我们自己的紧张感和消极情绪。	Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
藏传佛教以佛陀的教义为基础，但通过大乘佛教的普世之爱和印度瑜伽的许多技巧得到了拓展。	The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from Indian Yoga.
原则上，藏传佛教是非常简单的。它包括昆达里尼瑜伽、冥想和普世之爱的方法。	In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
在昆达里尼瑜伽中，昆达里尼能量（启迪能量）通过瑜伽姿势、呼吸练习、念语和视觉形象被唤醒。	With Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
西藏冥想的核心活动是天瑜伽。通过把不同的神形象化，净化能量通道，激活轮穴，从而达到顿悟的境界。	The center of Tibetan meditation is the Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created.
德国是二战中各国的共同敌人，这促进了苏联和美国之间的合作。随着战争的结束，制度、程序和文化上的冲突又使得两国分道扬镳。	Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, leading to cooperation between the USSR and USA. With the end of the war the clashes of system, process and culture led to the countries falling out.
战争结束两年后，曾经的盟友如今成了敌人，冷战随即开始。	With two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
这场战争持续了 40 年，代理军队在从非洲到亚洲的很多战场上真刀真枪地战斗，包括在阿富汗和古巴。	It was to last for the next 40 years and would be fought for real, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
到了 1939 年 9 月 17 日，波兰的防线已经被攻破，剩下的唯一希望就是沿着罗马尼亚桥头堡撤退和改编军队。	By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian bridgehead.
然而，这些计划几乎在一夜之间被弃如敝履，在违反《里加和平条约》、《苏联波兰互不侵犯条约》及其他双边及多边国际条约，入侵波兰的东部地区之后，超过 80 万名苏联红军入境，并在白俄罗斯和乌克兰筑起阵地。	However, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet's Union Red Army entered and created the Belarussian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
迄今为止，船运是跨洋运输大量人员和货物的最有效方式。	Using ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large amounts of people and goods across oceans.
从传统意义上讲，海军的任务是确保国家保持运输人员和货物的能力，同时，干扰敌人运输其人员和货物的能力。	The job of navies has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move his people and goods.
一个最值得注意的现代的例子就是二战期间的北大西洋战役。美国人尝试横跨大西洋运送人员和物资来帮助英国。	One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
与此同时，以 U 型潜艇为主力的德国海军试图拦截这场运输。	At the same time, the German navy, using mainly U-boats, was trying to stop this traffic.
假如同盟国当时失败了，德国原本很可能像征服欧洲其他国家一样征服英国。	Had the Allies failed, Germany probably would have been able to conquer Britain as it had the rest of Europe.
山羊似乎是 1 万年前左右在伊朗的扎格罗斯山脉首次被驯养的。	Goats seem to have been first domesticated roughly 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
古代文明和部落开始驯养它们，食用和使用它们的奶、肉、毛和皮。	Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skins.
家山羊通常被成群放牧在山上或其他牧区，它们通常由牧山羊人（大多为儿童或青少年）照管，牧山羊人与更广为人知的牧羊人类似。这些放牧方法至今仍在使用。	Domestic goats were generally kept in herds that wandered on hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goatherds who were frequently children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These methods of herding are still used today.
英国早在 16 世纪就修建了货车道。	Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
虽然马拉轨道车只是由平行的木板拼成，但在当时，就略显坎坷的道路而言，这些车能让拉车的马跑得更快，拉得更多。	Although wagonways merely consisted of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses pulling them to achieve greater speeds and pull larger loads than on the slightly more rough roads of the day.
很早的时候就引进了轨枕，用于固定铁轨。但是，人们逐渐意识到，如果在铁轨上放上铁片，铁轨会更稳固有效。	Crossties were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a stip of iron on the top.
这成了普遍做法，但铁片会使木制的马车轮子磨损更严重。	This became common practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
最终，木轮被铁轮所取代。1767 年，第一条全铁轨道问世。	Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first full-iron rails were introduced.
已知的第一种交通方式是步行。200 万年前，随着直立人（Homo Erectus，意思是直立的人）的出现，人类开始直立行走。	The first known transportation was walking, humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (meaning upright man).
他们的祖先南方古猿没有直立行走的习惯。	Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually.
人们在 420 万至 390 万年前的南方古猿化石中发现了双足特化的现象，尽管乍得沙赫人（Sahelanthropus）可能早在 700 万年前就已经用双腿行走了。	Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
我们可以开始更环保地生活，加入环保运动，甚至可以成为环保积极分子，在一定程度上减少将来的灾难。	We can start living more friendly to the environment, we can join to the environmental movement, and we can even be activists in order to reduce the future suffering in some degree.
很多情况下这和症状疗法很相似。但是，如果我们不仅仅想要一个临时的解决方案的话，那么我们就应该找到问题的根源，并把它彻底根除。	This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them.
显而易见，由于人类的科学和技术进步，世界发生了很大的变化，而人口过剩和人类奢侈的生活方式使问题变得更为严重。	It is obvious enough that the world has changed much because of humankind's scientific and technological advancements, and problems have become greater because of overpopulation and mankind's extravagant lifestyle.
由议长约翰·汉考克和秘书长查尔斯·汤姆逊签署的手写草案在7月4日得到大陆议会批准，之后被送到几个街区以外的约翰·邓拉普印刷厂付印。	After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
一夜之间印刷了 150 到 200 份，就是现在众所周知的“邓拉普宽边”(Dunlap broadsides) 版。	Through the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as "Dunlap broadsides".
7 月 8 日，约翰·尼克松 (John Nixon) 在独立大厅的院子里首次公开宣读了这份文件。	The first public reading of the document was by John Nixon in the yard of Independence Hall on July 8.
其中一封于 7 月 6 日寄给了乔治·华盛顿，华盛顿于 7 月 9 日在纽约向他的军队宣读了这封信。一份副本于 8 月 10 日抵达伦敦。	One was sent to George Washington on July 6, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10.
尚存的 25 份当列普单面印刷版（ Dunlap broadsides）是该文件现存最早的版本。手写原稿未能保留下来。	The 25 Dunlap broadsides still known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
许多古生物学家相信有一群恐龙存活了下来，并一直存活至今，也就是我们所称的“鸟类”。	Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today. We call them birds.
很多人认为它们并非恐龙，因为它们有羽毛，会飞。	Many people don't think about them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
但鸟类还是有很多地方跟恐龙相似。	But there are a lot of things about birds that still look like a dinosaur.
它们脚上有鳞片和爪子，会产卵，还像霸王龙一样用两条后腿走路。	They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two back legs like a T-Rex.
当今，几乎所有投入使用的计算机都是以处理二进制编码的信息为基础的。	Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information which is coded in the form of binary numbers.
二进制数只能占两个值里的其中一个，即0或者1，而这样的数被称为二进制数字，即计算机术语中的“位”。	A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon.
体内中毒可能不会立即显现出来，呕吐等症状十分普遍，因此不能立即作出诊断。	Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as vomiting are sufficiently general that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made.
摄入毒物的最有力指示物可能是现场被打开的容器，里面装有药物或家用有毒化学品。	The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
查看毒药上的标签，获得具体急救指引。	Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
昆虫学家们用“虫子 (bug)”一词来正式称呼这一类的昆虫。	The term bug is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
这个术语源于人们对臭虫的熟悉，臭虫是一种非常适应寄生于人类的昆虫。	This term derives from ancient familiarity with Bed-bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans.
猎蝽和臭虫都是留巢昆虫，适应在宿主的巢穴或住房中生活。	Both Assassin-bugs and Bed-bugs are nidicolous, adapted to living in nest or housing of their host.
在美国的各个地区，约有 40 万例多发性硬化症 (MS) 病例，这一疾病已经成为中青年的主要神经系统疾病。	Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in younger and middle aged adults.
多发性硬化是一种影响中枢神经系统（由脑、脊髓和视神经组成）的疾病。	MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve.
研究发现，女性患多发性硬化症 (MS) 的几率是男性的两倍。	Research has found that females are two times more likely to have MS then males.
一对夫妻可能出于自己的利益，或者为其子女利益着想，因而决定不进行生育。	A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the interest of their child, to raise a baby.
这些夫妇可能会为他们的孩子制定收养计划。	These couples may choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
在收养过程中，亲生父母终止了自己作为父母的权利，这样另一对夫妇才能抚养孩子。	In an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple may parent the child.
科学的主要目的是通过科学方法找出世界的运行方式。实际上，这种方法可为大多数科学研究提供指导。	Science’s main goal is to figure out the way the world works through the scientific method. This method in fact guides most scientific research.
实验是一种用来消除一个或多个可能性假设的试验，不过，实验并不是唯一的方法。提出问题及进行观察也可以指导科学研究。	It isn’t alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research.
自然主义者和哲学家关注古典文本，特别是拉丁文版的《圣经》。	Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin.
亚里士多德就所有科学领域的问题（包括心理学在内）所发表的观点都被一一接纳。	Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology.
随着希腊知识的衰落，西方脱离了其希腊哲学和科学根源。	As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
研究者观察到的许多生理节律和行为节律很大程度上往往取决于通过生物钟而产生的内生周期及其存在。	Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often crucially depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
周期性的节奏不仅仅是对外部周期信号的简单反应。这种节奏在包括细菌、真菌、植物和动物等大多数生物中都有记录。	Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
生物钟是能够自我维持的摆动装置，即使在没有外界提示的情况下，也会持续一段时间自由运转的周期。	Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators which will continue a period of free-running cycling even in the absence of external cues.
赫希及崔斯（Hershey and Chase）的实验，是说明 DNA 是遗传物质的主要迹象依据之一。	The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA was a genetic material.
赫尔希和蔡斯利用噬菌体或病毒，将他们自己的 DNA 植入到细菌之中。	Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
他们做了两个实验，一个是用放射性磷标记噬菌体的 DNA，一个是用放射性硫标记噬菌体的蛋白质。	They did two experiments marking either the DNA in the phage with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
突变会产生各种各样不同的影响，这取决于突变的类型、受影响遗传物质的重要性以及受影响的细胞是否为生殖系细胞。	Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
只有生殖细胞的突变才会遗传给孩子，而其他细胞的突变则会导致细胞死亡或癌症。	Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer.
自然风光旅游业吸引了那些对自然地区感兴趣的游客，他们前来观赏包括野生动植物在内的自然风景。	Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife.
现场活动包括打猎、钓鱼、摄影、观鸟、参观公园和研究生态系统。	Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
例如，在婆罗洲参观、拍摄和了解红毛猩猩。	An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about organgatuangs in Borneo.
每天早上，人们驾车离开小乡镇上班，路上和他们擦肩而过的人的工作地点正是他们离开的地方。	Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go their workplace and are passed by others whose work destination is the place they have just left.
在这种动态交通穿梭中，每个人都以某种方式与基于私家车的交通系统相连接，并对其提供支持。	In this dynamic transport shuttle everyone is somehow connected with, and supporting, a transport system based on private cars.
如今，科学表明，这种大规模的碳经济，再也无法让过去 200 万年来支持人类进化发展的生物圈保持稳定状态。	Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
每个人都是社会的一份子，都会使用交通系统。而几乎每个人都对交通系统有怨言。	Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems. Almost everyone complains about transportation systems.
在发达国家，你甚少会听到关于水质或桥梁倒塌类似程度的投诉。	In developed countries you seldom hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or bridges falling down.
为什么交通系统会引起这样的投诉？为什么它们每天都会出故障？是交通工程师不称职吗？或者是有更根本的原因？	Why do transportation systems engender such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers just incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?
交通流量研究的是驾驶员和车辆在两点之间的运动，以及它们之间的相互作用。	Traffic Flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with one another.
遗憾的是，研究车流很困难，因为不能对驾驶员的行为进行百分之百确定的预测。	Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one-hundred percent certainty.
幸运的是，司机的行为往往在一个合理的一致性范围内；因此，交通流量往往具有一定的合理一致性，可以粗略地用数学方式表示。	Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
为了更好地表示交通流量，在以下三个主要特征之间建立了关系：(1) 流量、(2) 密度和 (3) 速度。	To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) velocity.
这些关系对道路设施的规划、设计和运营有帮助。	These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
昆虫是最早在空中飞行的动物。飞行能力让它们更容易躲避敌人，更有效地寻找食物和配偶。	Insects were the first animals to take to the air. Their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
大多数昆虫都具有一种优势，可以将翅膀沿身体向后折叠。	Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along the body.
这让它们有了更多小面积空间来躲避捕食者。	This gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators.
如今，唯一不能向后折叠翅膀的昆虫是蜻蜓和蜉蝣。	Today, the only insects that cannot fold back their wings are dragon flies and mayflies.
几千年前，一个叫阿里斯塔克斯的人曾说，太阳系围绕着太阳旋转。	Thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the Solar System moved around the Sun.
有些人认为他是对的，但也有很多人持相反意见；他们认为太阳系是围绕着地球运转的，太阳也是（甚至其他恒星也是）。	Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
这似乎是合理的，因为地球感觉不到自己在移动，不是吗？	This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?
亚马逊河是世界上第二长，也是最大的河流。 它的水量是第二大河流的 8 倍以上。	The Amazon River is the second longest and the biggest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second biggest river.
亚马逊河也是地球上最宽的河流，有些河段的宽度可达6英里。	The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide.
亚马逊河占全世界所有河流的入海流量的 20%。	A full 20 percent of the water that pours out of the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
亚马孙河干流长 6387 公里（3980 英里）。河水来自数千条较小的支流。	The main Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
尽管石制金字塔的建造一直持续到古王国末期，但吉萨金字塔的宏大的规模和高超的建造技术从未被超越。	Although pyramid-building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in their size and the technical excellence of their construction.
新王国时期的古埃及人惊叹于其前辈的已有一千多年历史的纪念碑。	New Kingdom ancient Egyptians marvelled at their predecessors monuments, which were then well over a thousand year old.
梵蒂冈城的人口大约有 800 人。它是世界上最小的独立国家，也是人口最少的国家。	Vatican City's population is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
梵蒂冈城在法律法规和官方通信中使用意大利语。	Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications.
意大利语也是大部分在该国工作的人日常使用的语言，拉丁语则常使用于宗教仪式。	Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
梵蒂冈城的所有公民均为罗马天主教徒。	All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
人们自古以来就知道金、银、铜等基本化学元素，因为这些元素都能以自然形态在自然界中发现，而且比较容易使用原始工具进行开采。	People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper from antiquity, as these can all be discovered in nature in native form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
哲学家亚里士多德提出一种理论，即任何事物都是由土、水、空气和火四种元素中的一种或多种组成的。	Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. They were earth, water, air, and fire.
这更像是物质的四种状态（顺序不分手）：固体、液体、气体和等离子体，不过他也提出了理论，认为它们会转变成新的物质，构成我们所看到的事物。	This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, though he also theorised that they change into new substances to form what we see.
合金基本上由两种或以上金属混合而成。不要忘记一点，元素周期表上有很多元素。	Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table.
钙、钾等元素属于金属，银和金等元素当然也是金属。	Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold.
也有含少量非金属元素（例如碳）的合金。	You can also have alloys that include small amounts of non-metallic elements like carbon.
宇宙中的一切都由物质构成，而所有的物质都由被称为原子的微小粒子组成。	Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
原子如此微小，以至于这句话末尾的句号处可以容纳数万亿的原子。	Atoms are so incredibly tiny that trillions of them could fit into the period at the end of this sentence.
因此，铅笔一问世，就成了许多人的心头好。	Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out.
遗憾的是，随着新的书写方式的出现，铅笔的地位越来越低，使用也越来越少。	Sadly, as newer methods of writing have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to lesser status and uses.
人们现在在电脑屏幕上写信息，永远不必接触卷笔刀了。	People now write messages on computer screens, never having to come close to a sharpener.
人们只能猜测，当更新的产品出现时，键盘的结局会是怎样。	One can only wonder what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along.
裂变原子弹的工作原理如下：把一个原子核和许多质子及中子聚在一起需要能量。	The fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
有点像推着一辆笨重的小推车上山。再次分裂原子核，然后释放一些能量。	Sort of like rolling a heavy cart up a hill. Splitting the nucleus up again then releases some of that energy.
有些原子含有不稳定的原子核，这意味着它们很可能会在很少或没有刺激的情况下发生分裂。	Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means that they tend to break apart with little or no nudging.
月球的表面由岩石和灰尘组成。月球的外层叫做地壳。	The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
地壳近侧厚约 70 公里，远侧厚约 100 公里。	The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
阴暗面下面的地壳薄一些，高地下的地壳厚一些。	It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
因为地壳更薄，所以近的一面可能会有更多的阴暗部，熔岩更容易上升到地表。	There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise up to the surface.
激励内容理论的核心是寻找令人认同或产生兴趣的因素。	Content theories are centered on finding what makes people tick or appeals to them.
这些理论表明，当人们成熟到一定程度进入成年时，某些需求和/或欲望就被内化了。	These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which have been internalized as they mature to adulthood.
这些理论研究为什么某些人想要做他们所做的事情，以及他们所处的环境中哪些事情会让他们做或不做某些事情。	These theories look at what it is about certain people that make them want the things that they do and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
两种流行的内容理论，分别是马斯洛的需求层次理论和赫茨贝格的双因素理论。	Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
一般来说，当管理者开始领导过去的同事时，会出现两种行为。一种情况是，他们会努力与团队成员保持“亲密关系”。	Generally speaking, two behaviors can emerge as managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain “one of the guys” (or gals).
这一类型的经理很难做出不得人心的决定，在执行纪律措施、绩效评估、分配责任和追究责任方面也存在困难。	This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary action, performance evaluations, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable.
在另一种极端情况下，这个人会变成一个与之前迥然不同的个体，觉得他/她必须改变团队所做的一切，并把成果据为己有。	At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own.
毕竟，领导者对团队的成败负有最终责任。	After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
这种行为经常导致领导和团队其他成员之间产生分歧。	This behavior oftentimes results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
虚拟团队需要坚持与传统团队同样的质量标准，但也有细微的差别。	Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
虚拟团队成员经常担任所对应的线下团队的接洽点。	Virtual team members often function as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
他们往往比传统的团队成员拥有更多的自主权，因为他们的团队可能会针对不同的时区安排开会时间，而本地管理层可能不理解这一点。	They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as their teams may meet according to varying time zones which may not be understood by their local management.
真正“隐形团队”的存在 (Larson 和 LaFasto，1989，p109），也是虚拟团队的一个独特组成部分。	The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
“看不见的团队”是指每个成员都要向其汇报的管理团队。它为所有成员制定标准。	The “invisible team” is the management team to which each of the members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
为什么一个组织要花这么长时间来建立学习型组织呢？将组织学习的概念付诸实践的目标之一就是创新。	Why would an organization want to go through the time consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
当所有可用的资源在一个组织的职能部门之间得到有效利用时，创造力和独创性就会发生。	When all available resources are effectively used across the functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can transpire.
因此，一个组织在共同努力克服障碍的过程中，往往会带来新的创新流程，以满足客户的需求。	As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need.
在组织能够创新前，领导必须创造出一种创新文化，分享知识，并进行有组织的学习。	Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning.
《天使》(2006) 将连续体方案解释为可以帮助组织达到更高绩效水平的一种方法。	Angel (2006), explains the Continuum approach as a method being used to help organizations reach a higher level of performance.
神经生物学数据为认知研究的理论方法提供了物理证据。因此，它缩小了研究范围，并使研究更加精确。	Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. Therefore it narrows the research area and makes it much more exact.
大脑病理和行为之间的相关性可以为科学家们的研究提供支持。	The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
我们很早就知道，不同类型的脑损伤、创伤、病变和肿瘤会对人的行为产生影响，并导致某些心智功能发生变化。	It has been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumours affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
新技术的兴起让我们能够看到和研究大脑的结构和工作过程，这些是以前从未见过的。	The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes never seen before.
这为我们建立仿真模型提供了大量的信息和材料，有助于我们理解大脑运作的过程。	This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models which help us to understand processes in our mind.
人工智能有很强的科幻色彩，但它其实是计算机科学非常重要的一个分支，研究的是机器的行为、学习和智能适应。	Although AI has a strong connotation of science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation in a machine.
人工智能 (AI) 的研究涉及制造机器让需要智能行为的任务自动化。	Research in AI involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
例子包括控制、规划和调度，回应客户诊断及客户问题的能力，还有手写识别，声音和脸部功能。	Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and face.
所有的这些都成为了独立的学科，着重为现实生活中的问题提供解决方案。	Such things have become separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions to real life problems.
人工智能系统现在经常用于经济、医学、工程学和军事领域，有些家用计算机和电子游戏软件应用程序已经有内置的人工智能系统。	The AI ​​system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications.
实地考察是任何教学活动的重要组成部分。通常，老师会很乐意带学生去那些公交车无法到达的地方。	Field trips are a large part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students places to which a bus trip is not an option.
虚拟实地考察是高科技的解决方案。学生可以在课堂上观看博物馆的人工制品，参观水族馆，或者欣赏精美的艺术品。	Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
以虚拟方式分享实地考察，也是回顾行程以及与以后班级分享经验的好办法。	Sharing a field trip virtually is also a great way to reflect a on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
例如，北卡罗莱纳州本尼特学校 ( Bennet School) 的学生每年都会设计一个有关他们的州府之行的网站。网站每年都会重新设计，但是老版本会在线保存，用作剪贴簿。	For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the website gets remodeled, but old versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
博客还能帮助学生提高写作能力。尽管学生们开始写博客时，用的语法和拼写往往都很马虎，读者的出现通常会改变这一状况。	Blogs can also help improve student writing. While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
学生往往是最挑剔的读者，所以博客作者开始努力提高写作水平，避免受到批判。	Since students are often the most critical audience, the blog writer begins to strive to improve writing to avoid criticism.
此外，写博客也“迫使学生对周遭世界更具洞察力“。为满足观众兴趣，学生们受此鼓舞，变得聪明和有趣起来。	Also blogging "forces students to become more savvy about the world around them." The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004).
写博客是一种能够激发合作的工具，还能鼓励学生把学习延伸到传统的学校授课之外。	Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning well beyond the traditional school day.
"适当使用博客，"可以使学生变得更善于分析和进行思辨；通过积极回应网络材料，学生们可以在他人文章的上下文语境中找到自己的立场，并能够针对特定问题提出自己的观点（Oravec, 2002）。"	Appropriate use of blogs "can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002).
渥太华是加拿大的首都，富有魅力且采用使用双语制，亮点是一系列展示着加拿大过去和现在的艺术画廊和博物馆。	Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features an array of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
再往南是尼亚加拉大瀑布，往北则是马斯科卡河 (Muskoka) 及河对面未开发的自然美景。	Farther south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untapped natural beauty of the Muskoka and beyond.
诸此种种都让安大略省成为了外来人士所想的加拿大典型模样。	All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders.
再往北的广袤地区人烟稀少，有些地方是杳无人烟的荒野。	Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
一组令人吃惊的人口数据对比：居住在美国的非裔美国人人数比加拿大公民人数还要多。	For a comparison of population that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the US than there are Canadian citizens.
东非岛屿位于非洲东海岸外的印度洋上。	The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
马达加斯加是目前为止最大的岛屿，对野生动物来说还是一片独立的大陆。	Madagascar is by far the biggest, and a continent on its own when it comes to wildlife.
较小的岛屿大多是独立国家，或所属于法国，它们以豪华海滩度假胜地而闻名。	Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and known as luxury beach resorts.
阿拉伯人也把伊斯兰教带到了这片土地，这一教义在科摩罗和马约特国家盛行。	The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte.
欧洲的影响和殖民主义始于15世纪，当时葡萄牙探险家瓦斯科·达·伽马（Vasco da Gama）发现了从欧洲到印度的开普敦航线。	European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India.
北部与萨赫勒地区接壤；南部和西部临大西洋。	In the north the region is bounded by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
女性：建议无论实际婚姻状况如何，所有女性游客都应说自己已婚。	Women: It is recommended that any women travellers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status.
戴戒指也会有帮助（但不要戴看上去太贵的戒指。	It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
女性应该意识到文化差异可能会导致她们所认为的骚扰行为；而且被人尾随、抓胳膊等情况并不少见。	Women should realize that cultural differences may result in what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
拒绝男人时要坚定，别害怕坚持自己的立场（不管文化有无差异，都要果断回绝！）。	Be firm in turning down men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it ok!).
现代城市卡萨布兰卡是由柏柏尔 (Berber) 渔民在公元前 10 世纪建立的，曾被腓尼基人、罗马人和马里尼德人 (Merenid) 用作战略港口，港口曾被称为安法 (Anfa)。	The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa.
葡萄牙人毁灭了这座城并进行了重建，还将其命名为卡萨布兰卡 (Casa Branca) ，直到 1755 年地震后才遗弃了它。	The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
摩洛哥苏丹将该市重建为 Daru l-Badya。西班牙商人在这里建立了贸易基地，并将其命名为卡萨布兰卡。	The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there.
卡萨布兰卡是全摩洛哥最无趣的购物地之一。	Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
在麦地那老城附近，出售塔吉锅、陶器、皮具、水烟等摩洛哥传统商品和各种小玩意儿的店铺随处可见，但这些商店都是针对游客的。	Around the old Medina it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of geegaws, but it's all for the tourists.
戈马是刚果民主共和国的一个旅游城市，位于刚果的最东边，靠近卢旺达。	Goma is a tourist city of the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda.
2002 年，戈马被尼拉贡戈火山的熔岩所摧毁。火山熔岩掩埋了该镇的大部分街道，尤其是镇中心。	In 2002 Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the town’s streets, particularly the town centre.
尽管戈马还算安全，但前往戈马以外的任何地方都应该事先调查，以便了解北基伍省持续的战斗有没有缓和。	While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be researched to understand the state of the fighting that persists in the North Kivu province.
这座城市也是攀登尼拉贡戈火山（Nyiragongo）以及非洲最便宜的山地大猩猩追踪项目的基地。	The city is also the base to climb the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the cheapest Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
你可以乘坐 boda-boda（出租的摩托车）游览戈马（Goma）。短途车程的正常（当地）价格是 500 刚果法郎。	You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for the short ride.
又因为相对偏僻，“廷巴克图”被用来比喻遥远的异国他乡。	Combined with its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
今天，虽然廷巴克图的名声使之成为旅游胜地，而且有一个机场，但这是一个贫穷的城镇。	Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
1990 年，由于沙漠的威胁，它被列入了濒危世界遗产名录。	In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desert sands.
这是亨利·路易斯·盖茨 (Henry Louis Gates) 在美国公共广播公司的《非洲世界的奇迹》特别节目中的重要一站。	It was one of the major stops during Henry Louis Gates' PBS special Wonders of the African World.
这座城市与该国其他城市形成了鲜明对比，因为它更多的是阿拉伯风格，而不是非洲风格。	The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic flair than of an African.
克鲁格国家公园 (KNP) 位于南非东北部，东部与莫桑比克接壤，北部与津巴布韦接壤，南部以鳄鱼河 (Crocodile River) 为边境。	The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
公园占地 19500 平方公里，分为 14 个不同的生态区，为不同的野生动植物提供支持。	The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided in 14 different ecozones, each supporting different wildlife.
它是南非的主要景点之一，被认为是南非国家公园体系 (SANParks) 的主打景点。	It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and it is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
与所有南非国家公园一样，该公园每天都收取养护费和门票费。	As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and entry fees for the park.
买一张万能卡（Wild Card）也有不少好处。带着这张卡，你可以进入南非的一些公园或全部的国家公园。	It may also be beneficial for one to buy a Wild Card, which provides entry to either selections of parks in South Africa or all of the South African National Parks.
香港岛是香港地区的代名词，也是众多游客心目中的焦点所在。	Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists regard as the main focus.
构成香港天际线的众多建筑就像是一幅闪闪发光的条形图，在维多利亚港水域的映衬下显得格外醒目。	The parade of buildings that make the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a glittering bar chart that is made apparent by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
若想从最佳角度欣赏香港的美景，可以离开该岛，前往对面的九龙海滨。	To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head for the Kowloon waterfront opposite.
香港岛大部分的城市发展都集中在北岸的填海土地上。	The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
这里是英国殖民者占领的地方，所以如果你想寻找这片领土殖民历史的证据，这里是一个很好的起点。	This is the place the British colonisers took as their own and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
孙德本尔斯 (Sundarbans) 是世界上最大的滨海红树林带，林带长 80 公里（50 英里），从海岸一直延伸至孟加拉国和印度内陆。	The Sundarbans are the largest littoral mangrove belt in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast.
孙德尔本斯 (Sundarbans) 已经被联合国教科文组织宣布为世界遗产。印度境内的这部分森林被称为孙德尔本斯国家公园。	The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
不过，这些森林不仅仅是红树林沼泽，里面还有一些巨大丛林的遗迹，这些丛林曾经长满了恒河平原。	The forests aren't just mangrove swamps though — they include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungles which once covered the Gangetic plain.
孙德本尔斯的面积为 3850 平方公里，其中约三分之一为水域/沼泽区。	The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which about one-third is covered in water/marsh areas.
自 1966 年以来，孙德尔本斯一直是野生动物保护区。据估计，目前该区生活着 400 只皇家孟加拉虎和大约 3 万只梅花鹿。	Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
全天都有公交车从城区间公交站（跨河）发车，但大部分车次，特别是开往东部和贾卡尔/布姆唐的公交车都在 06:30 至 07:30 之间发车。	Buses depart the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though most, especially those heading to the east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30.
鉴于区间巴士经常客满，建议提前几天购票。	As the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket a few days in advance.
大多数地区都能坐到舒适结实的日本 Coaster 小巴车。	Most districts are served by small Japanese Coaster Buses, which are comfortable and sturdy.
要前往附近地方，如帕罗 (Nu 150) 和普那卡 (Nu 200)，共享出租车是一种快捷舒适的方式。	Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable means to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
奥亚波克河大桥是一座斜拉桥，横跨奥亚波克河，连接巴西奥亚波克和法属圭亚那的圣乔治。	The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
两座桥塔高 83 米，桥的长度为 378 米，有两条 3.50米宽的车道。	The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters, it's 378 meters long and it has two lanes of 3.50 m wide.
桥下垂直净空 15 米。该项目于 2011 年 8 月完工，但直到 2017 年 3 月才开始通车。	The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it didn't open to traffic until March 2017.
大桥预计将于 2017 年 9 月全面投入使用，届时巴西海关检查站预计也将完工。	The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished.
瓜拉尼人 (Guaraní) 是居住在现东巴拉圭地区的最重要的土著群体，他们过着半游牧式的游猎生活，也会进行自给自足的农业活动。	The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practised subsistence agriculture.
查科 (Chaco) 地区是瓜伊库鲁 (Guaycuru) 和帕亚瓜 (Payagua) 等其他土著部落的家园，他们靠狩猎、采集和捕鱼为生。	The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
16 世纪的巴拉圭曾被称为“印第安大省”，是西班牙征服者与当地土著群体的相遇后的产物。	In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called "The Giant Province of the Indies", was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups.
西班牙人开始了长达三个世纪的殖民时期。	The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
自从 1537 年亚松森（Asunción）建成以来，巴拉圭一直设法保留了这座城的许多本土特色和特性。	Since the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to keep a lot of its indigenous character and identity.
阿根廷以拥有世界顶尖的马球队和球员而闻名。	Argentina is well known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
每年规模最大的锦标赛于 12 月份在拉斯卡尼塔斯 (Las Cañitas) 的马球场举行。	The largest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
在一年中的其他日子，这里也能看到比较小型的锦标赛和比赛。	Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
如要了解锦标赛新闻和如何购买马球比赛门票，请查看阿根廷马球协会网站。	For news on tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
福克兰群岛的官方货币是福克兰英镑，与英镑等值。	The official Falklands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP) whose value is set equivalent to that of one British pound (GBP).
可以在岛上唯一的银行兑换货币，该银行位于斯坦利，在 FIC West 商店对面。	Money can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
英镑一般在岛上所有地方都通用，斯坦利境内也往往可以用信用卡和美元付款。	British pounds will generally be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also often accepted.
在外围岛屿，可能无法使用信用卡，但可以使用英美货币；请事先与房主联系，确认可接受的付款方式。	On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method.
几乎不可能在岛外兑换福克兰群岛的货币，所以要在离岛之前兑换。	It is nearly impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside of the islands, so exchange money prior to leaving the islands.
蒙得维的亚位于赤道以南，因此北半球冬天的时候，那里是夏天，反之亦然。	Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.
蒙得维的亚位于亚热带地区；在夏季月份，气温常常超过 30°C 。	Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common.
冬天可能会比看上去显得更冷：温度很少低于零度，但当风和湿度结合在一起，会让人感觉比温度计显示的温度要冷。	The winter can be deceptively chilly: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than what the thermometer says.
这里没有特定的“雨季”和“旱季”：全年的降雨量大致相同。	There are no particular "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain stays roughly the same throughout the year.
虽然公园里许多动物都见惯了人类，但野生动物毕竟是野生动物，我们不应该去喂养或打扰它们。	Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
公园的管理人员表示：与熊和狼至少要保持 100 码/米的距离，而与所有其他野生动物则需要保持 25 码/米的距离！	According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!
无论看起来是多么的温顺，野牛、麋鹿、驼鹿、熊等几乎所有的大型动物都有可能攻击人类。	No matter how docile they may look, bison, elk, moose, bears, and nearly all large animals can attack.
每年，数十名游客都会因未能保持适当距离而受伤。这些动物体型庞大，充满野性，具有潜在的危险性，因此请给它们留出一些空间。	Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
此外，要注意气味会引来熊和其他野生动物，因此要避免携带或烹饪散发气味的食物，并保持营地清洁。	In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
阿皮亚是萨摩亚的首都。该城镇位于乌波卢（Upolu）岛上，人口数量不足 4 万。	Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
阿皮亚始建于 19 世纪 50 年代，自 1959 年以来一直是萨摩亚的首都。	Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
该海湾曾在 1889 年发生过一场臭名昭著的海军对峙，当时来自德国、美国和英国的七艘舰船拒绝驶离这个海湾。	The harbor was the site of an infamous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor.
除了一艘英国巡航舰外，其余船只悉数沉没。近 200 名美国人和德国人丧失生命。	All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
在由茅茅运动为争取独立而组织发起的斗争中，该镇的一场和平集会致使大酋长图普阿·塔马塞塞·利罗菲三世（Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III）遇害身亡。	During the struggle for independence organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of the paramount chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
奥克兰横跨两个港口，因此当地有很多海滩。其中最有人气的海滩分布在三个地区。	There are many beaches, due to Auckland's straddling of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas.
北岸海滩（位于北港区内）在太平洋上，从北部的长湾 (Long Bay) 一直延伸到南部的德文波特 (Devonport)。	North Shore beaches (in North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
这里几乎都是沙滩，游泳很安全，大部分地方都有新西兰圣诞树的树荫。	They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
塔马基大道 (Tamaki Drive) 海滩位于怀特玛塔港 (Waitemata Harbour)，就在奥克兰中部的米森湾 (Mission Bay) 和圣赫里尔斯 (St Heliers) 的高档郊区。	Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the upmarket suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
这些海滩有时挤满了度假的家庭，沿岸排列着各种各样的商店。 游泳很安全。	These are sometimes-crowded family beaches with a good range of shops lining the shore. Swimming is safe.
当地主要的啤酒是“一号”啤酒。它的口感不复杂，但很好喝、很清爽。另一款本地啤酒叫做“曼塔 (Manta)”。	The main local beer is 'Number One', it is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called "Manta".
在这里可以买到很多法国葡萄酒，但新西兰和澳大利亚的葡萄酒可能更经得起长途运输。	There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better.
当地的自来水完全可以达到安全饮用标准，但如果你还是担心，也可以很容易地买到瓶装水。	The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are fearful.
对澳大利亚人来说，“馥芮白”咖啡的概念还比较陌生。小杯黑咖啡是“浓缩咖啡”，卡布奇诺的奶油（不是泡沫）堆得很高，而茶是不搭配牛奶的。	For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk.
热巧克力达到了比利时的标准。果汁价格昂贵，但品质很好。	The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
全年都有很多人到大堡礁旅游，而且在大堡礁很少发生由于参加上述任何活动而受伤的情况。	Many trips to the reef are made all year around, and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.
尽管如此，还是要听从有关部门的建议，遵守所有的标志并密切注意安全警告。	Still, take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
箱型水母会在每年十月到次年四月间出现在 1770 镇的海滩和河口附近。偶尔也能在其他时间点发现它们的身影。	Box jellyfish occur near beaches and near river estuaries from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside these times.
鲨鱼确实存在，但它们很少攻击人类。多数鲨鱼害怕人类，会游走。	Sharks do exist, however they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are scared of humans and would swim away.
咸水鳄的主要栖息地并非海洋，而是罗克汉普顿 (Rockhampton) 北部的河口。	Saltwater Crocodiles do not actively live in the ocean, their primary habitat is in river estuaries north from Rockhampton.
提前预订可以让旅行者安心，知道到达目的地后就有地方过夜。	Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that they will have somewhere to sleep once they arrive at their destination.
虽然旅行社可能会帮你预订露营 等其他形式的住宿，但他们通常会与特定的酒店合作。	Travel agents often have deals with specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, like camping grounds, through a travel agent.
旅行社通常会提供包括早餐、机场往返接送的套餐，有的甚至会提供航班和酒店住宿套餐。	Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages.
如果你需要时间考虑价格是否合适，或者去往目的地需要获取其他证件（如签证），他们可以为你保留预订。	They can also hold the reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or procure other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
如果需要进行任何修改或有任何要求，应该首先通过旅行代理商进行办理，而不是直接与酒店接洽。	Any amendments or requests though should be coursed through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
在一些音乐节，绝大多数参加者选择在现场露营，而且大部分参加者认为这是音乐节体验极为重要的一部分。	For some festivals, the vast majority of the attendants to music festivals decide to camp on site, and most attendants consider it a vital part of the experience.
如果想近距离观看演出，你得早点到，在靠近舞台的地方占好营地。	If you want to be close to the action you're going to have to get in early to get a camping site close to the music.
记住，虽然主舞台上的音乐可能已经结束，但节日的其他部分可能会一直演奏音乐到深夜。	Remember that even though music on the main stages may have finished, there may be sections of the festival that will keep playing music until late into the night.
有些音乐节会为带小孩的家庭设立特别的露营区。	Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
如果在冬天穿越北波罗的海，要检查客舱的位置，因为在冰面上航行会给那些受影响最严重的人带来非常可怕的噪音。	If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, check the cabin location, as going through ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected.
圣彼得堡游轮包括城内观光活动。游轮乘客可获豁免签证（详情请参阅服务条款）。	Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempted from visa requirements (check the terms).
赌场一般会想方设法让客人花费尽量多的时间和金钱。赌场通常没有窗户和时钟，出口也很难找到。	Casinos typically make many efforts to maximize time and money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be hard to find.
他们通常会提供特别的食品、饮料和娱乐活动，让客人保持愉悦，留在赌场。	They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers, to keep guests in a good mood, and keep them at the premise.
有些场地免费提供酒精饮料。然而，醉酒会削弱人的判断能力，所有优秀的赌徒都知道保持清醒的重要性。	Some venues offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good gamblers know the importance of staying sober.
任何在高纬度地区开车或翻越山口的人，都应该考虑到可能遭遇下雪、结冰或冻结温度的情况。	Anyone who's going to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
在冰雪覆盖的路面上，摩擦力很小，你不能像在光洁的柏油路上一样开车。	On icy and snowy roadways, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
暴雪时，极短时间内降雪量就可以足以困住你。	During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time.
降雪、飘雪、车窗上的水珠或结冰可能也会挡住视线。	Visibility may also be restricted by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on vehicle windows.
另一方面，冰雪天气在很多国家都十分常见，全年交通也几乎不会中断。	On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic goes on mostly uninterrupted all year round.
游猎活动也许是非洲最吸引人的旅游活动，也是许多游客行程中的亮点。	Safaris are perhaps the greatest tourism draw in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
“游猎 (safari)”一词，在常见的用法中是指通过陆路旅行去观赏令人惊叹的非洲野生动物，尤其是在热带草原上。	The term safari in popular use refers to overland travel to view the stunning African wildlife, particularly on savanna.
一些动物（例如大象和长颈鹿）往往喜欢挨近汽车，而标准的设备可以让人更好地欣赏。	Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach closely to cars and standard equipment will allow good viewing.
狮子、猎豹和花豹有时很怕人，用双筒望远镜你能看得更清楚。	Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes shy and you will see them better with binoculars.
徒步旅行（ 也叫”丛林漫步”、“远足旅行”或“远足”）主要是徒步行走，通常耗时几个小时或持续数日。	A walking safari (also called a "bush walk", "hiking safari", or going "footing") consists of hiking, either for a few hours or several days.
残奥会将于 2021 年 8 月 24 日至 9 月 5 日举行。部分赛事将在日本其他地方举办。	The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
东京将成为唯一举办过两届夏季奥运会的亚洲城市，第一次是在1964 年。	Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964.
如果你在宣布推迟之前预订了 2020 年的航班和住宿，则可能会面临棘手的情况。	If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation.
取消政策各不相同，但截至三月末，大多数由于新冠病毒而出台的取消政策并没有延长到 2020 年 7 月——原定奥运会举办时间。	Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-based cancellation policies don't extend to July 2020, when the Olympics had been scheduled.
预计大部分赛事的门票价格将在 2,500 日元到 13 万日元之间，一般票价约为 7,000 日元。	It's expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000.
熨烫潮湿的衣服可以帮助其变干。即便房间并没有熨斗和熨衣板，但是许多酒店提供出借服务。	Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available for loan, even if one is not present in the room.
如果没有熨斗，或者你不喜欢穿熨烫过的袜子，那你可以用吹风机试试（如果有的话）。	If an iron isn't available, or if you don't fancy wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if available.
小心不要让衣服变得太热（这可能会产生收缩现象，在极端情况下会把衣服烤焦）。	Be careful not to allow fabric to become too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, scorch).
净水的方法有很多，有些对特定的污染更有效。	There are different ways of purifying water, some more effective against specific threats.
在某些地区，水煮一分钟就足够了，在其他地区则需要几分钟的时间。	In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed.
过滤器的效果各不相同，如果对此有所顾虑，那么您应该考虑购买信誉好的公司生产的密封瓶装水。	Filters vary in effectiveness, and should you have a concern, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
旅行者可能会遇到在家乡不常见的有害动物。	Travellers may encounter animal pests that they are not familiar with in their home regions.
害虫会破坏食物，引起刺激性反应，在更严重的情况下会引起过敏反应，传播毒液或传染病。	Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in a worse case cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or transmit infections.
传染性疾病本身，或那些能通过暴力杀伤人类的危险动物，通常不属于害虫之列。	Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people by force, do not usually qualify as pests.
免税购物是指在特定地点购买免税商品的机会。	Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods exempted from taxes and excises at certain locations.
前往课征重税的国家/地区的旅客有时可以省下一大笔钱，在这些地方购买酒水和烟草等产品特别划算。	Travellers bound for countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
在布法罗-匹兹堡高速公路上，行车条件最具挑战性的是波特马里恩 (Point Marion) 到费尔蒙特 (Fairmont) 之间的路段，这段路频繁地途径多处偏僻的边远地区。	The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, passing frequently through isolated backwoods terrain.
如果你不习惯在乡村道路上开车，那可要保持头脑清醒：这里到处都是陡坡、窄车道和急转弯。	If you're not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: steep grades, narrow lanes, and sharp curves predominate.
该处公示的限速比之前和之后的路段明显要低，常见的限速是 35-40 英里/小时（56-64 公里/小时），而严格遵守限速要求的重要性也甚于其他路段。	Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections — commonly 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict obedience to them is even more important than otherwise.
不过，令人奇怪的是，这里的手机服务比沿途的许多其他路线（例如宾夕法尼亚州荒原）要强得多。	Curiously, though, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the route, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds.
德国的糕点很不错，巴伐利亚的点心就更加丰富多彩，与他们南边的邻居奥地利很相似。	German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, are quite rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria.
水果点心很常见，苹果全年都能用来做点心，夏天还能吃到樱桃和李子。	Fruit pastries are common, with apples cooked into pastries year round, and cherries and plums making their appearances during the summer.
许多德国烘焙食品也以杏仁、榛子和其他坚果为特色。受欢迎的蛋糕与浓咖啡往往是绝配。	Many German baked goods also feature almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee.
如果你想来点风味浓郁的小点心，可以试试果酱包，这种甜点在不同地区有不同的称呼，如 Berliner、Pfannkuchen、Krapfen。	If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
咖喱饭菜是一道以香草和香料为主的菜肴，并配以肉类或蔬菜。	A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables.
咖喱饭菜既可以是“干”的，也可以是“湿”的，干湿情况取决于水量多少。	A curry can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid.
在印度北部和巴基斯坦的内陆地区，咖喱中常常使用酸奶；而在印度南部和次大陆其他一些沿海地区，则常常使用椰奶。	In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
印度尼西亚有 17,000 个岛屿，因此印尼菜只是一个统称，它涵盖了全国各种各样的地方菜系。	With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation.
但如果没有更多修饰语，这个词往往指的是原产于主岛爪哇岛中部和东部地区的食物。	But, if used without further qualifiers, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java.
现在，群岛上到处都能吃到爪哇菜，其中有多款调味方法简单的菜品，而爪哇人喜欢的主要调味料有花生、辣椒、糖（尤其是爪哇椰子糖）和各种香辛料。	Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
马镫悬挂在马鞍两侧，用来支撑骑手的双脚。	Stirrups are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle.
它们为骑手提供了更好的稳定性，但也有安全隐患，因为骑手的脚可能会卡住。	They provide greater stability for the rider but can have safety concerns due to the potential for a rider's feet to get stuck in them.
如果骑手从马上被甩下来，但有一只脚卡在马镫上，那么马在奔跑时可能会拖着他走。为了将这种风险降至最低，可以采取一些预防措施。	If a rider is thrown from a horse but has a foot caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To minimize this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken.
首先，大多数骑马人会穿带跟马靴，而且鞋底光滑及相当狭窄。	First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, quite narrow, sole.
其次，一些马鞍——尤其是英式马鞍——配有安全扣，如果落马的骑手向后拉，马镫皮带就会从马鞍上掉下来。	Next, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to fall off the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider.
智利首选登山目的地科茶莫山谷 (Cochamó Valley) 被称为南美洲的优胜美地 (Yosemite)，这里有各式各样的花岗岩大石壁和峭壁。	Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of granite big walls and crags.
从山峰望去有着令人惊叹的壮丽景色。 来自世界各地的登山者在其绵延不断可作为攀援墙的峭壁上不断开拓新路线。	Summits include breath-taking views from peaks. Climbers from all parts of the world are continually establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of walls.
高山滑雪运动包括普通滑雪和雪板滑雪，是非常受欢迎的运动，在这项运动中，滑雪板或滑雪单板会固定在您的双脚上，从白雪覆盖的地形上滑下来。	Downhill snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
滑雪是许多滑雪爱好者的主要旅游活动，这些爱好者有时也被称为“滑雪狂人”，他们计划整个假期都在某个地点滑雪。	Skiing is a major travelling activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as "ski bums," planning entire vacations around skiing at a particular location.
滑雪这个想法由来已久——绘有滑雪者的洞穴壁画，年份可以追溯到公元前 5000 年！	The idea of skiing is very old — cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC!
作为一项运动，高山滑雪至少可以追溯到 17 世纪，1861年，挪威人在澳大利亚开设了第一家休闲滑雪俱乐部。	Downhill skiing as a sport goes back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
滑雪自由行：这项活动也叫越野滑雪、滑雪旅游或滑雪远足。	Backpacking by ski: This activity is also called backcountry ski, ski touring or ski hiking.
这项活动与阿尔卑斯式滑雪旅行或登山运动相关，但通常不会进行这两项活动。这两项活动要在陡峭的地形上进行，而且需要更硬的滑雪板和靴子。	It is related to but usually not involving alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter ones done in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots.
把滑雪路线想象成类似的徒步路线。	Think of the skiing route as of a similar hiking route.
条件良好的时候，你可以比步行走得更远——但只有在极少数情况下，你才能获得与不背着沉重背包、在平整的轨道上越野滑雪相同的速度。	In good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat greater distances than walking – but only very seldom you will get the speeds of cross country skiing without a heavy backpack in groomed tracks.
欧洲是片面积相对较小但有着许多独立国家的大陆。在通常情况下，穿越多个国家旅行意味着必须多次经历签证申请和护照检查。	Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through multiple countries would mean having to go through visa applications and passport control multiple times.
然而在这方面，申根区有点像一个国家。	The Schengen zone, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect.
只要你在此区域居留，通常可以直接通过边境，无需再次接受护照检查点的检查。	As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
同理，有了申根签证，你就不必分别向每个申根成员国申请签证，从而节省了时间、金钱和手续。	Similarly, by having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to each of the Schengen member countries separately, hence saving time, money and paperwork.
对于哪些加工物品是古董，没有统一的定义。一些税务机构将 100 年以上的物品定义为古董。	There is no universal definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
该定义存在地域差异，北美洲等地的年份限制可能比欧洲短。	The definition has geographic variations, where the age limit might be shorter in places such as North America than in Europe.
手工艺品可能会被定义为古董，尽管相比于批量生产的同类产品，手工艺品的年份要短得多。	Handicraft products might be defined as antiques, though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
驯鹿饲养是萨米人的一项重要生计。围绕该行业的文化对许多以其他职业为生的人也很重要。	Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is important also for many with other professions.
不过，即使从传统意义上出发，并非所有的萨米人都参与了大规模的驯鹿饲养业，他们会以捕鱼、狩猎及类似活动为生，并通常将驯鹿当作役畜。	Even traditionally, though, not all Sámi have been involved in big scale reindeer husbandry, but lived from fishing, hunting and similar, having reindeer mostly as draft animals.
如今很多萨米人投身于现代行业。旅游业是萨普米，也就是萨米地区的一大收入来源。	Today many Sámi work in modern trades. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi area.
尽管“吉普赛”一词应用广泛，尤其在非罗姆人当中更为盛行，但它通常被认为是一种冒犯，因为它与负面的刻板印象和对罗姆人错误的看法相关联。	Though it is widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word "Gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Romani people.
如果你要访问的国家受到旅行警告的约束，你的旅行健康保险或旅行取消保险可能会受到影响。	If the country you will be visiting becomes subject to a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
你也可以咨询除贵国以外其他政府的建议，但他们的建议是为他们的公民而制定的。	You may also wish to consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
例如，中东地区的美国公民可能面临与欧洲人或阿拉伯人的不同境遇。	As one example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations from Europeans or Arabs.
旅游警示只能就当地局势提供简略摘要。	Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
与其他地方提供的更详细的信息相比，这里所提供的建议往往较为粗略、笼统且过于简单。	The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
恶劣天气是任何危险天气现象的总称；这种天气会造成破坏、严重社会混乱或人员伤亡。	Severe weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.
世界上任何地方都可能发生恶劣天气。恶劣天气有各种不同类型，具体取决于地理位置、地形和大气条件。	Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
狂风、冰雹、过量降水、山火，还有雷雨、龙卷风、水龙卷、气旋，都是极端天气的表现和影响。	High winds, hail, excessive precipitation, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
区域性和季节性的恶劣天气现象包括暴风雪、雪暴、冰暴和沙尘暴等。	Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
强烈建议旅客注意所在地的恶劣天气风险，它们可能会影响旅行计划。	Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any travel plans.
任何计划前往可能被认为战区国家之人，都应该接受专业训练。	Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
在互联网上搜索“应对敌对环境课程”，也许能找到提供培训的当地公司的地址。	A search of the Internet for 'Hostile environment course' will probably provide the address of a local company.
这门课程通常会涵盖在此讨论到的所有问题，经常会以实战经验的方式加以深入。	A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in far greater detail, usually with practical experience.
课程训练通常要持续 2-5 天，将涉及角色扮演、急救方式训练，有时也涉及武装训练。	A course will normally be from 2-5 days and will involve role play, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
关于野外生存的书籍和杂志很常见，但关于战区生存的出版物却很少。	Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are few.
计划在国外做变性手术的旅行者务必在返程时携带有效证件。	Voyagers planning sex reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they're carrying valid documents for the return trip.
至于愿不愿意签发没有注明性别 (X) 的护照，或愿不愿为了符合想要的姓名和性别而更改文件，各国政府的意愿各不相同。	The willingness of governments to issue passports with gender not stated (X) or documents updated to match a desired name and gender varies.
外国政府对这些文件的认可程度也千差万别。	Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable.
在 2001 年 9 月 11 日之后的时代，安全检查站的搜查也变得更烦扰。	Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era.
尚未做手术的变性者在通过扫描仪时，不得不透露自己的隐私，并且无法保障自身尊严。	Pre-operative transgender people should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact.
离岸流是海浪从海滩快速回流到海中的回流，通常发生在暗礁或类似的地方。	Rip currents are the returning flow from waves breaking off the beach, often at a reef or similar.
水下的地形造成回流集中于几处较深的区域，那里可能会形成流向深水的急流。	Due to the underwater topology the return flow is concentrated at a few deeper sections, and a fast current to deep water may form there.
大部分死亡都是因逆流而上、体力透支造成的，逆着水流游泳不太可能成功。	Most deaths happen as result of fatigue trying to swim back against the current, which may be impossible.
摆脱湍急水流之后，游回来就没有那么困难了。	As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normally.
努力游往你不会再次被困住的地方，或者等待救援（取决于你的技能以及你是否已被发现）。	Try aiming somewhere where you are not caught again or, depending on your skills and on whether you have been noticed, you might want to wait for rescue.
重返家园的冲击比文化冲击来得更快（蜜月期更短），持续时间更长，也可能更严重。	Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there's less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe.
对于很容易适应新文化的旅行者来说，有时很难重新适应他们的本土文化。	Travellers who had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly hard time readjusting to their native culture.
在国外生活了一段时间后回国，你会发现自己已经适应了新的文化，丢掉了一些家乡文化的习惯。	When returning home after living abroad, you've adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture.
当你刚出国时，人们可能会很有耐心，很体谅你，因为他们知道旅行者来到新国家需要适应。	When you went abroad at first, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt.
人们可能想不到，旅行者在回程中也需要耐心和理解。	People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers returning home.
对儿童来说，金字塔的声光表演是该地区最有趣的活动之一。	The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for kids.
你可以在黑暗中看到金字塔，在节目开始前你可以看到它们默默地在那里。	You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
平时你总能在这里听到游客和小摊贩的声音。声光交织，就像在讲述一个动人的故事。	Usually you always here the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and light is just like a story book.
背景幕布上是狮身人面像，它也是长篇故事的讲述者。	The Sphinx is set as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
场景在金字塔上展示，不同的金字塔被点亮。	The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit up.
南设得兰群岛（South Shetland Islands）发现于 1819 年。有几个国家声称拥有该群岛的主权，而且群岛拥有最多的基地，在 2020 年岛上有十六个基地处于使用状态。	South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
该群岛位于南极半岛以北 120 公里处。最大的岛屿是乔治国王岛，这里是“繁星村（Villa Las Estrellas）”的定居点。	The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
其他的包括利文斯顿岛和欺骗岛。在那里，一个仍然活跃的火山口被洪水淹没，提供了一个壮观的天然港口。	Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour.
埃尔斯沃思地 (Ellsworth Land) 位于该半岛的南部，面朝别林斯高晋海 (Bellingshausen Sea)。	Ellsworth Land is the region south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
半岛上的山脉在这里并入高原，然后重新形成长达 360 公里的埃尔斯沃斯（Ellsworth）山脉，这座山脉被明尼苏达冰川一分为二。	The mountains of the Peninsula here merge into the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360 km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
北部，或者说森蒂纳尔岭，拥有南极洲最高的山脉文森山脉，最高峰是 4892 米的文森峰。	The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892 m Mount Vinson.
在手机信号覆盖不到的偏远地区，卫星电话可能是你的唯一选择。	In remote locations, without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option.
一般来说，卫星电话不能取代移动电话，因为只有在卫星信号畅通的室外，才能进行通话。	A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
该服务经常用于航运，包括游艇以及有远程数据和语音需求的探险。	The service is frequently used by shipping, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions who have remote data and voice needs.
你当地的电话服务提供商应该能够提供关于连接到这项服务的详细信息。	Your local telephone service provider should be able to give more information about connecting to this service.
对于那些计划怎么度过空档年的人来说，游学成为越来越受欢迎的选择。	An increasingly more popular option for those planning a gap-year is to travel and learn.
这在中学毕业生中尤其流行，他们可以在上大学前抽出一年的时间，又不影响他们接受教育。	This is especially popular with school leavers, allowing them to take a year out before university, without compromising their education.
很多情况下，在国外参加间隔年课程可以实质上提升你回国升学的机会。	In many cases, enrolling on a gap-year course abroad can actually improve your chances of moving into higher education back in your home country.
通常情况下，参加这些教育类项目需要交学费。	Typically there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs.
芬兰是绝佳的帆船运动圣地， 素有“千湖之乡”的美誉 ，在其湖泊和沿海群岛范围内也含有数千座岛屿。	Finland is a great boating destination. The "Land of a thousand lakes" has thousands of islands too, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
在群岛和湖泊之中，游艇并不是必需的。	In the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a yacht.
沿海群岛和最大的几个湖泊的大小足以容纳任何游艇，不过较小的船只甚至皮划艇能带来不同的体验。	Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
划船是芬兰的一项全国性消遣活动，每七八个人里就有一艘船。	Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat to every seven or eight people.
挪威、瑞典和新西兰也有类似的情况，但在其他方面很是独特（例如，在荷兰，这个数字是一比四十）。	This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one to forty).
大多数典型的波罗的海游轮都会在俄罗斯圣彼得堡逗留较长时间。	Most of the distinct Baltic Cruises feature an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia.
这意味着可以有好几天完整时间来参观这座历史悠久的城市，然后晚上回到船上睡觉。	This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
如果只是在乘船游览的情况下登岸，则不需要单独的签证（规定截至 2009 年）。	If you only go ashore using shipboard excursions you will not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
有些邮轮在宣传手册上以德国柏林为亮点。正如从上面地图中看到的那样，柏林并没有靠近大海的地方，而且游船价格并不包括游览这座城市的费用。	Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above Berlin is no where near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
对于各个年龄和背景的人来说，乘飞机旅行都可能成为恐怖的经历，尤其是在以前从未乘坐过飞机或有过痛苦经历的情况下。	Travelling by plane can be a scary experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, particularly if they've not flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
这并不是丢人的事情：这和很多人对其他东西抱有的恐惧和厌恶没什么两样。	It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the personal fears and dislikes of other things that very many people have.
对一些人来说，如果要克服因未知事物或不可控制的状况而产生的恐惧，了解飞机的工作原理和飞行的程序可能会有帮助。	For some, understanding something about how aircraft work and what happens during a flight may help to overcome a fear which is based on the unknown or on not being in control.
快递公司可因快速交付货物而获取高酬劳。很多时候，时间对于商务文件、商品或用于紧急维修的零部件而言非常重要。	Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly. Frequently, time is very important with business documents, merchandise or spare parts for an urgent repair.
在某些航线上，大型公司有自己的飞机，但对于其他航线和小公司来说，就有问题了。	On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller firms there was a problem.
如果他们使用航空的方式运输货物，在某些航线上，可能要花几天的时间才能卸货和通关。	If they sent things by air freight, on some routes it may have taken days to get through unloading and customs.
最快的方法就是把它作为托运行李承运。根据航空公司规定，禁止载运未登机旅客的行李，而这时就需要你在场。	The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked luggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in.
乘坐头等舱或商务舱最明显的方式是花一大笔钱来享受这种特权（或者，更好的方式是让你的公司给你出钱乘坐）。	The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you).
然而，这并不便宜：根据粗略估算，商务舱的票价可能是普通经济舱的 4 倍，头等舱的票价更是 11 倍之高！	However, this does not come cheap: as rough rules of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!
一般来说，从 A 地直飞 B 地，压根没必要去找商务舱或头等舱的打折机票。	Generally speaking, there is no point in even looking for discounts for business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B.
航空公司非常清楚，有一些核心乘客愿花高价获得快速、舒适出行的特权，因此航空公司会相应地收取费用。	Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of flyers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and in comfort, and charge accordingly.
摩尔多瓦的首都是基希讷乌。当地语言是罗马尼亚语，但俄语也被广泛使用。	The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used.
摩尔多瓦是一个多民族共和国，饱受民族冲突之苦。	Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
1994 年，这场冲突导致摩尔多瓦东部自诩为德涅斯特河沿岸共和国的成立。该共和国有自己的政府和货币，但没有得到任何联合国成员国的认可。	In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member country.
尽管政治谈判失败，但摩尔多瓦这两个地区的经济联系得以重建。	Economic links have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
摩尔多瓦 (Moldova) 的主要宗教是东正教。	The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian.
伊兹密尔是土耳其第三大城市，人口约 370 万，它是土耳其第二大港口，仅次于伊斯坦布尔，它也是一个繁忙的交通枢纽。	İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second biggest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
曾经是士麦那 (Smyrna) 古城，如今已成为一个现代化、发达且繁忙的商业中心，周围是巨大的海湾和群山。	Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains.
在宽阔的林荫大道、玻璃外墙的建筑和现代化的购物中心之间，散布着传统的红瓦屋顶、18 世纪的市场以及古老的清真寺和教堂，不过这座城市比传统的土耳其更有地中海欧洲的氛围。	The broad boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centers are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
在哈尔达斯维克村 (Haldarsvík) 可以欣赏附近依斯特洛伊岛 (Eysturoy) 的美景。村中有一个与众不同的八角形教堂。	The village of Haldarsvík offer views of the nearby island Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
教堂墓地里，一些坟墓上方摆着有趣的大理石鸽子雕塑。	In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some tombs.
在这个迷人的村庄漫步半小时是值得的。	It's worth half an hour to stroll about the intriguing village.
向北可轻松抵达浪漫迷人的辛特拉镇；它是拜伦勋爵笔下为人称道的乐土，并因此为外国人所熟知。	To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra and which was made famous to foreigners after a glowing account of its splendours recorded by Lord Byron.
Scotturb 403 路公共汽车定期发车前往辛特拉 (Sintra)，在罗卡角停靠。	Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra, stopping at Cabo da Roca.
也可以到北部参观法蒂玛圣母院（圣地），它是举世闻名的圣母玛丽亚显现之地。	Also to the north visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place of worldwide famous Marian apparitions.
请记住，你其实是在参观一个巨大的万人坑遗址，该遗址对世界上一大群体有着难以估量的意义。	Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site that has an almost incalculable meaning to a significant portion of the world's population.
还是有许多男女在这里幸存了下来，他们如今仍然健在；而更多人的亲人，有的在那里被屠杀，有的一直做苦工到死，犹太人和非犹太人都是如此。	There are still many men and women alive who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and non-Jews alike.
请给予此地应得的尊严、庄严和尊重。不要用大屠杀或纳粹开玩笑。	Please treat the site with all of the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis.
切勿在建筑物上做标记或涂鸦，以免破坏遗址。	Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
巴塞罗那的官方语言为加泰罗尼亚语和西班牙语。大约一半的当地人更愿意说加泰罗尼亚语，绝大多数人都听懂加泰罗尼亚语，至于西班牙语，几乎每个人都能听懂。	Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About a half prefer to speak Catalan, a vast majority understands it, and virtually everyone knows Spanish.
然而，大多数指示牌都只使用加泰罗尼亚语，因为这是法律规定的第一官方语言。	However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the first official language.
然而，公共交通和其他设施也广泛使用西班牙语。	Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
地铁里的定期广播只有加泰罗尼亚语，但自动系统会用多种语言进行临时广播，包括西班牙语、英语、法语、阿拉伯语和日语。	Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
巴黎人是出了名的以自我中心、粗鲁和傲慢。	Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
虽然这通常只是一种不准确的刻板印象，但在巴黎生活的最佳方式仍然是尽量举止得当，表现得像一个有 “bien élevé”（教养良好）的人。这会让参加社会活动变得容易得多。	While this is often only an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris still is to be on your best behavior, acting like someone who is "bien élevé" (well brought up). It will make getting about considerably easier.
如果你表现出一点基本的礼貌，巴黎人粗鲁的表现很快就会消失无踪。	Parisians' abrupt exteriors will rapidly evaporate if you display some basic courtesies.
普利特维茨湖国家公园森林茂密，主要树种有山毛榉、云杉和冷杉，并以高山和地中海植被混合为特色。	The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
由于小气候、土壤和海拔高度的多样性，这里的植物群落种类非常丰富，并因此闻名于世。	It has a notably wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, differing soils and varying levels of altitude.
该地区也是各类动物和鸟类的家园。	The area is also home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species.
在那里可以看到欧洲棕熊、狼、鹰、猫头鹰、猞猁、野猫和松鸡等稀有动物以及许多更常见的物种	Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
女性在参观修道院时必须穿裙子，裙子必须及膝，肩膀也要覆盖住。	While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too.
大多数修道院都会为没有准备的女性提供裹身衣，但如果你自己带，尤其是颜色鲜艳的，门口的修道士会向你投来抿嘴一笑。	Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
同理，男士也必须穿着长裤，遮住膝盖。	Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees.
也可以从入口处的存衣柜借到，但衣服并不是每次有人穿过后都会洗，所以这些裙子穿起来可能会有点不舒服。全部都是均码哦!	This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. One size fits all for men!
马略卡岛的菜肴和地中海相似地区的菜肴一样，主要以面包、蔬菜和肉类（尤其是猪肉）为基础，而且完全使用橄榄油。	Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar zones in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (specially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
Pa amb Oli 是一种在夏天尤为流行的简单晚餐：面包搭配橄榄油、番茄，手头上任何佐料都可加入，比如奶酪、金枪鱼等。	A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
除去表示您的“Sie”之外的所有名词都应以大写字母开头，即使在句子中间也应如此。	All nouns, alongside the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
这是区分某些动词和宾语的一个重要方法。	This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
这也可以让阅读更轻松，尽管这在一定程度上使书写变得复杂，因为你需要判断动词或形容词是否被用作一种名词化的形式。	It also arguably makes reading easier, though writing is somewhat complicated by the need to find out whether a verb or adjective is used in a substantivized form.
意大利语的发音相对容易，因为大多数单词的发音与拼写完全相同	Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian since most words are pronounced exactly how they are written
需要注意的主要字母是 c 和 g，因为它们的发音是根据以下元音变化的。	The main letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel.
另外，需要确保对 r 和 rr 采取不同的发音： “caro“ 的意思是”亲爱的“，而 “carro” 的意思则是“双轮战车”。	Also, make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear, whereas carro means chariot.
波斯语的语法大多相对简单，有规律可循。	Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
因此，阅读这本语法入门书能帮助你掌握更多波斯语语法，更好地理解短语。	Therefore, reading this grammar primer would help you learn much about Persian grammar and understand phrases better.
毋庸置疑的是，如果你会讲一门罗曼语，那么学习葡萄牙语会更加容易。	Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
然而，懂一点西班牙语的人可能会急着得出这样的结论：葡萄牙语与西班牙语非常接近，不需要单独学习。	However, people who know a little Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it need not be studied separately.
如今，前现代的天文台大多已经被淘汰，只作为博物馆或教育场所保留了下来。	Pre-modern observatories are usually obsolete today, and remain as museums, or sites of education.
由于在其全盛时期的光污染还不像现在这么严重，所以天文台通常建立在城区或校园内，比现代修建的天文台更容易到达。	As light pollution in their heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, they are usually located in cities or at campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times.
大多数现代科研望远镜都是巨型设施，位于大气条件优良的偏远地区。	Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
赏樱，亦称“花见”（hanami），从 8 世纪开始就成为了日本习俗。	Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
这一概念来自中国，梅花是中国人喜闻乐见的一种花卉。	The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
在日本，最早的樱花派对是由天皇为他自己和皇室其他贵族成员在皇家御所举办的。	In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were hosted by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court.
植物在自然环境中状态最好。因此要抵住诱惑，不去摘掉植物，哪怕“只是一株”。	Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even "just one" specimen.
如果参观的是精心布置的园林，收集“标本”也会被驱逐，没有商量余地。	If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting "specimens" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion.
通常来讲，新加坡是一个非常安全的地方，导航也很容易。到达后你几乎可以买到任何东西。	Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after arriving.
但由于处在赤道以北几度的“高热带”，你将需要同时应对高温（终年）和强烈的阳光（天气晴朗时，这种情况相对较少）。	But being placed in the "high tropics" just a few degrees north of equator you will need to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, more rarely).
有几辆巴士也向北开往希伯伦，那里是《圣经》中的族长亚伯拉罕、以撒、雅各和他们妻子的传统墓地。	There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
请确认你打算乘坐的公交车将会进入希伯伦，而不仅仅是去附近的基亚特·阿巴 (Kiryat Arba) 犹太定居点。	Check that the bus you are thinking of taking goes into Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
内陆水道可以作为假期游玩的一个不错的主题。	Inland waterways can be a good theme to base a holiday around.
例如，在卢瓦尔河谷和莱茵河谷参观城堡，或者乘游轮去游览多瑙河沿岸好玩的城市，或者沿伊利运河乘船游玩。	For example visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or taking a cruise to interesting cites on the Danube or boating along the Erie Canal.
它们还为热门的徒步和自行车骑行路径明确了路线。	They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
圣诞节是基督教最重要的节日之一，是为了庆祝基督诞辰而设立的。	Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
与这个节日有关的许多传统也被基督教国家的非信徒和世界各地的非基督徒所接受。	Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
有个传统是在复活节之夜在户外某处醒着看日出。	There's a tradition to pass the Easter night awake at some exposed point to see the sunrise.
当然，这个传统有其基督教神学的解释，但它很可能是基督诞生以前就存在的一种庆祝春天、祈求丰收的仪式。	There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual.
更传统的教堂常常在复活节周末的周六晚上举行复活节守夜活动，会众通常在午夜钟声敲响之时涌入庆典，庆祝基督的复活。	More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection.
最初，动物们都是通过游泳、飞行或者漂浮的方式到达了这些岛屿。	All animals that originally arrived in the islands came here either by swimming, flying or floating.
因为远离大陆，哺乳动物无法长途跋涉而来，使得巨龟成为科隆群岛主要的食草动物。	Due to the long distance from the continent mammals were unable to make the journey making the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal in the Galapagos.
人类来到加拉帕戈斯群岛后，引进了许多哺乳动物，其中包括山羊、马、牛、老鼠、猫和狗。	Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs.
如果冬季去北极或南极地区旅游，你就能体验到极夜，即一段时间内太阳不会从地平线上升起。	If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic areas in the winter you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun doesn't rise above the horizon.
这提供了一个可以看到北极光的绝佳机会，因为天空将或多或少连续一整天都是暗的。	This offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
这些地区人口稀少，一般不存在光污染的问题，你也能欣赏到璀璨星空。	As the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
与西方人习惯的工作文化相比，日本人的工作文化中等级制度更明显，更加正式。	Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal that what Westerners may be used to.
西装是标准的商务着装，同事们用彼此的姓氏或职称来互相称呼。	Suits are standard business attire, and coworkers call each other by their family names or by job titles.
和谐的职场氛围至关重要，强调团队的努力，而不是表扬个人成就。	Workplace harmony is crucial, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual accomplishments.
员工在做任何决定时都必须得到上级的批准，并需要无条件服从上级的指示。	Workers must often get their superiors' approval for any decisions they make, and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without question.
